Number of tweets 127 
Dominance: 28, share 0.2204724409448819 
Sexual Harassment: 27, share 0.2125984251968504 
Derailing: 0, share 0.0 
Discredit: 68, share 0.5354330708661418 
Stereotype: 4, share 0.031496062992125984 
Please tell me why the bitch next to me in the piercing line is so judgmental about everyone she fucking sees. SHUT THE FUCK UP.	dominance
@ArianasBotch Ok if you fucking said leave block me. But dm me first I'm gonna kick your ass. Shut the fuck up you https://t.co/6BXkfxMEf9	sexual_harassment
Literally just saw a 10 year old girl wearing a shirt with sparkles that said 'doing my best' fucking same bitch where'd you get that😂😂😂👽⚠✖ https://t.co/24tSFVM9Ps	discredit
All you fucking faggots were laughing at her too with that other fucking dumb cunt liberal Ellen DeGeneres	discredit
@CrazyKOs @CrushingClipss Girl or not if I saw that I'd knock the cunt out! How dare you hurt a child like that. Fucking sick twisted bitch	discredit
disgusting little fuck bitch the only good thing about ur boring ass moview are the women in it. you owe everything to women so shut UP!!! https://t.co/KnMnqSwM30	discredit
Donald- you stupid bitch Hillary- you fuckin buffoon Donald- think they believe we hate each other? Ah fuck it lets go get a drink https://t.co/bbx98NCySX	discredit
@MorinBois I know fucker bitch i rode with you one time remember cunt whore? Never again will i fuck around with the fuck around 😂😂	discredit
@eileenmdm @ldontgotanyhoes I hate you you fucking cunt bitch how fucking dare you I hope you wake up with mad cott… https://t.co/XXb8oWQuv9	discredit
You mother fucking piece of trash stupid fucking idiot hoe i hope you fucking die in hell son of a father fucking fuck bitch whore you fucki	sexual_harassment
We've been fucking this whore, Mother earth for awhile, She's a filthy bitch anyway, Rotting her from the inside out, We are at our end.	discredit
@ THE BROKE BITCHES WHO ARE PARTYING IN MY OVARIES. I HOPE YOU FUCKING DIE AND ROT IN HELL YOU STUPID UGLY ASS BITCH	sexual_harassment
oh you want a name fight ! ❛ you stupid COCK loving slut ! ,you fucking WHORE ! how do you like that huh you little shit ! ❜	sexual_harassment
@xJenniferWhitex @thecherryclub You are Beautiful charming Bitch Jennifer white Nobody's fuck like you Amazing sucking Cocks 💝💝💝👑👑👑👑👑👑	sexual_harassment
I'm so fucking horny this morning and my big fat cock is so fucking hard need a horny cock sucking slut or whore to cum and suck me off	sexual_harassment
being nauseous is stupid and a pussy move, like @ my body just fucking vomit already you bitch. let’s GO.	discredit
This nigga is on snap fucking a bitch while she sucking somebody else's dick 😂😂😂 bruh	discredit
straight people flirting boy: *takes girls phone and fucking smashes it to pieces* you’re stupid and a bitch girl: omg Kyle...stooop 😂 😂	discredit
That bitch yarelis think im stupid im good bitch ur nasty as can stay fucking your cousin aint wasting my time on no hoe	discredit
Wanna be like u could be fucking working for him some day you fucking little slut	discredit
I found out something about this chick that was hiding something from me lmao bitch can't hide anything from me fake ass lying hoe	discredit
@marvin_emily 'Getting lit off trays of fucking Molly you mermaid loving slag' - the only true response to give her	discredit
@curvethan fucking hoe ass fucking cunt shut ur fucking dirty ass mouth you fucking bitch im gonna fucking block you	discredit
knuckle up cause I'll fight for mines Yo pussy petty, U wasting time .. U seasonal, part time U get fucked up fuckin w/ mine U lil bitch	discredit
God that old lady was a cunt. People are so fucking stupid when it comes to being handed money	discredit
great my lymph node is swollen again. shows how stressed i am cos of some fucking whore &; her spreadshit &; stupid frens who believe her.	discredit
seeing hoes blatantly try to take my man then watching him turn their lame thot ass down is truly fucking hysterical 😂 lol bitch u tho(ugh)t	discredit
@femfreq Fuck you and all of your videos you stupid video game criticizing bitch stop fucking talking about things you know nothing about fucker	dominance
Cheerleaders make me fucking sick! It's not a sport you dumb skanks so go back to caking on your makeup. #WomenSuck	discredit
@SpIashMan can u report dogshit retard link me after u beg ur fucking terrible u foreign cunt u sound like a woman fucking funder	stereotype
@CIA To the whore who runs your shitshow. Go educate yourself as to why acting like a fucking political slut doesn'… https://t.co/e90AOWj3i5	dominance
tbh , NOT ALL men are trash/shit . Just because y’all fucking around with the wrong ones , you don’t get to call the whole race shit.	discredit
23. the reason that fucking skank ass cunt lied about me was to cover up her shaking my kid, and being in on fucking up lawsuit	discredit
'If I ain't meet her I 'ont like her' shut the fuck up bitch no one fucking like you skank ass as it is hoe	dominance
MONIKA WAS RIGHT? RIGHT ABOUT WHAT WHAT DID THAT FUCKING BITCH ASS THOT MOTHERFUCKING HO ASS SKANK SAY TO YOU?	discredit
Yeah well I didnt suck dick for tips you dirty skank Yes you did you lonely miserable BITCH its called fucking ALIMONY✋🏾	discredit
If only I could get out and beat the cunt that just hit my car with 5 fucking kids in it...cops are fucking looking for you bitch 507TVB	sexual_harassment
Fucking dropped my phone and cracked the screen fucking shit cunt bitch	discredit
Fuck you Noot Noot Harime fucking fashion cunt tailor cunt looking bug as eye looking no arm be having bitch	discredit
FUCKING FUCK SHIT PISS MOTHERFUCKING BITCH TIT CUNT FUCKING SLUT	discredit
Bitches better stop wearing bonnets in public. Put a fucking hat on if you’re a lazy cunt like me. That’s what I do.	discredit
@Twitch_Pink you dumb cunt you trick 12 and 30 year old virgins into giving you money you fucking bitch. kys honest… https://t.co/8YN3eglZuT	discredit
@qurbanov_zaur sup bitch yo be fuxking care ful i find out ur touching my man. ima find you. be scared whore be fuxking scared.	sexual_harassment
fucking take that stupid bitch FILTHY whore nobody will love you fuck you idgaf if ur pregnant ill kill u go ahead call the cops nobody wi	sexual_harassment
@AynRandPaulRyan Fucking bitch sarah fucking lying cunt	discredit
Some cunt at Walmart went full psycho on me saying how she had no fucking space to put her shit bitch ur taking up the entire conveyor belt	discredit
Bitch had the NERVE to leave the fucking box in the mail room you fucking cunt bitch fuck	discredit
@ oomf: SGUT THE FUCK UP NO ONE FUCKIN CARES ABOUT WHAT YOU HAVE TO FUCKING SAY STUPID BITCH ASS CUNT GO SUCK YOUR UGLYASS BOYF DICK	dominance
@THFCJoshh @FortniteGame Good English you dumb cunt slober on my nob u Jew if you were playing I would fucking rape you cunt	sexual_harassment
@lucymilsom2 your just a dirty fuckin whore u got all this chat about me go suck ur fuckin mum u disgusting lil hoe say suttin	discredit
Aye @lostspecimen youre a fucking whore dont fucking speak to me again u fuckin peacock fake ass hoe	dominance
@SkyNews She’s actually a clown! They should sue her for being a fucking dumb cunt and falling down the hole nearly squashing the winners 😂	discredit
Riding ur shithole like a whore fucker. Conquering ur hole fucking u boipussy in all position & mak u get facial wi… https://t.co/I2hHb5sLva	sexual_harassment
@Cumkitten_R2 your fucken hot im hot fuck hard do anything you want to be my slut whore and open your holes you HOT SLUT. WE LOVE TO FUCK	sexual_harassment
@svgethe3rd She is a fucking slut wtf cunt she deserves to fall in that river dumb hoe that shit is fucked cunt	discredit
@WynslowIsTyping Shut the fuck up you fucking monkey jew bitch cunt nigger dick licking	dominance
you ready baby ? ~ Im going to fuck you and your sister like till both of you pussy is filled and leaking with my cum	sexual_harassment
Hey @AnnCoulter you fucking cunt ass bitch. Do the world a favor and fucking kill yourself, at least you'll be great to something and not fuck that up.....at least we hope you won't.	sexual_harassment
Dont you realize youre only making my cock harder with your constant whining, you stupid little bitch? God, your pussy feels so tight when I choke you. I think I might just fill your pussy up right now so you never forget about this day.	sexual_harassment
I fucking know who he cheated with even if he didn't say it. This fucking bitch, I've always fucking hated her two faced whore ass	discredit
I wouldn't have done anything if you didn't express any interest THE BITCH WAS 12 YOU MOTHER FUCKING CUNT. HE REALLY IS TRYING TO JUSTIFY HIMSELD..THIS IS EXACTLY WHY HE SHOULDN'T HAVE BEEN RELEASED	discredit
u just like me to feel weird thanks holly so fuck u then bitch go fuck yourself childish little girl grow up I hate u I'm glad I don't c u now bitch face I'm not talk on u 2day now fucking cunt	discredit
One of the biggest reason I never wanted to come out to my friends was bc I was afraid theyll think I have crush on them when Im just being a decent human being so I call them stupid bitch and a fucking hoe everytime I see them	discredit
@piperalex_ Unless cow tipping is classed as physical assault you should shut your fucking whore mouth, i hope you never show your face outside of whatever hole you went to hide in because frankly i would love to drop kick you off a fucking balcony xoxoxo	sexual_harassment
There's a stupid woman on YouTube doing a spirit box saying the most horrendous insensitive things to the 'ghost' of Shan. The silly skank would be conversing with demons and she ain't got cross or nothing to counteract it. And I'm glad leave Shan alone.	discredit
THEN STOP SAYING IT CHRISTINA , fucking pussy stfu stop jocking her she dont be worried bout you you acting like flight	dominance
@sana_____0 Fuck this fat pig bastard woman you fucking cunt. Wish I could cut your tits so that you could feel the pain cunt!!	sexual_harassment
Love seeing how girls publicly compliment each other "Oh wow. Stunnerz. Bae"And in the same breath send private texts to their friends saying the same person is an "insta-whore / attention whore / D-craving attention seeking skank with dumb shoes"Hilarious#MoreThanTwoFaces	discredit
Females-*you need to respect women more and stop calling us hoes*Lil pump-*you such a fucking hoe, I love it*Females- *that new Kanye and lil pump song is my shit*	discredit
@EmilyKnoxxxx YOU ALWAYS HAVE MY DICK. ONCE YOU START USING MINE AND YOU WILL NEVER FEEL YOU PUSSY IS EMPTY AND ONCE YOUR PUSSY STARTS TASTING MY DICK IT WILL NOT ACCEPT OTHER DICK, IT WILL DIE TO HAVE MINE ALL THE TIME. FUCK U BABY	sexual_harassment
@rdag51509914 @OutlawsOW @DallasFuel Youre**** dumbass I give no fuck about you about your trashass wanna be Texas state team like I said til the beat outlaws in the battle of Texas eat my dick and shut the fuck up, pussy	dominance
I usually dont hate people but I actually hate that bitch. You tried to be friends with me outside of work and then when I had a crisis you decided to be professional and use that against me. Thats the worst type of person. Fucking cunt will get hers though.	discredit
@dwmillerus @angiesd789 @SenateMajLdr Yes so obtuse every other country in the fucking world has one. Herp derp. We help fund border walls for other countries then deal with race shaming bullshit from dick lickers like you when we want to protect ourselve	discredit
first goes to bitch ass janelle. FUCK YOU MESSY MF ASS BITCH i literally was on a call with her and her dumb ass twisted my words and ran to tattle on me to ari. like it legit made her pussy wet to go and talk shit abt me so fuck u ill come beat ur ass thats why u stole a listers	sexual_harassment
bitch if you dont shut the fuck up and stop acting like the us isnt responsible for the repressive and brutal society that became afghanistan - theres pics of my gma in miniskirts in the 70s in iran, another country destabilized and vilified to drive american profit	dominance
Another fucking piece of a crap. You have gone too far in chasing mirages, Kashmiri women do not sleep around with RSS men, you fucking cunt, there is no sanity left in you now. You must have heard that phrase. 'Langoor Ke haath angoor' this shit is similar.	discredit
@AnguloCrystal @Zanderjmurphy @juliabusch_ i dont give a fuck if you started the tweets or if katelyn did. either way you were talking shit to katelyn so i joined this shit bc shes my friend. thats what my point was so shut the fuck up youre a nasty bitch	discredit
@FeministVoter She fucking called me a "cracker bitch", and you're going to attack me? Nice. Fucking cunt.	discredit
@DDUB789 That bitch is giving me the fuck u I just filled ur glass....Simone is getting 24% instead of 25....thats right whore Im talking to YOU. Oh no, thank you just the bill it was good. (It really fucking wasnt)	discredit
@SocialPowerOne1 You know whats insane Dana!! Is how the NRA continues to get away with fucking murdering children in country! Why dont you shut the fuck up greedy skank !!	dominance
@SunnyLeone @DanielWeber99 you fucking bitch! You don't know a fuck about acting. You're just a fucking whore who's used to getting fucked by random dudes you don't even know.	dominance
@AnnCoulter What are you worried you are about to lose the crown for Most Hysterical Woman of the decade? Good for them. They are the only ones who are trying to save America while you keep making money off of her by using her. You are the BIGGEST BITCH!!	discredit
@Fashir @jillciminillo I read fine, and likely better than you given my experience. She's an hysterical woman looking for attention and trying to make some sort of issue out of two things that have nothing to do with each other. It's a tennis match. Do yo	stereotype
@DanReynolds STFU BITCH! AND YOU GO MAKE SOME SATANIC MUSIC U ILLUMINATI WHORE!! Fuck you FUCK IMAGINE DRAGONS You cock sucking maggots	dominance
@KendallJenner "whatever makes them happy" really bitch? you are not good friend, you are mother fucking cunt @haileybaldwin @justinbieber	discredit
Youre such an ugly fucking bitch and I take back no words I said to you and I wish I slapped you when you were stood infront of me blahing your eyes out you pussy bitch	sexual_harassment
Woke up angry bc 2 years ago a groomsman &I were supposed to walk into the reception doing the Bernie but this cunt of a bridesmaid insisted that they were gonna do it so we quickly made something up while in line to go and then this fucking bitch walks in & DOESNT FUCKING DO IT	discredit
@CliffShep @MiaFarrow @realDonaldTrump Shut the fuck up cunt if you actually like Donald trump than you can suck a dick. He is terrible and you are blinded just because of his MONEY!! people dont like cunts bitch	dominance
@MichelleRempel did you fight for women? Ever???? Did you fight against the AESO in our recession? Did you acknowledge sustainability in the context of our energy industry? Ever??? Shut your stupid fucking cunt mouth.	dominance
@DatGaBoii Yea that fucking ass hole mother fucking bitch! GRRRRR	discredit
I just wanna let you know, you're a stupid fucking cunt Go ahead & run your mouth, pussy, I don't give a fuck You're a stupid piece of shit, you're a stupid fucking bitch Get the fuck up off my dick, get the fuck up off my dick, like..- Pink Guy	discredit
If I ever hit you w dumb fucking cunt ass fucking stupid ass fucking bitch just know Im extremely mad at you.	discredit
@yikesangeI @betteroffapri @BloodclotBarbie @basically_kai @illegalwhore @hiatusloser You the last bitch that should be talking about looks. Anyways stick that dusty ass tongue back in ya musty STD filled mouth and shut the fuck up hoe.	dominance
@HEHe06033701 @Mikey_boludo Shut the fuck up dumb bitch. If you dont like it dont fucking reply You childish slut	discredit
Stupid fucking cunt, what you dont like me so youre gonna speed through a stopped bus to what? Try & run me & my 4 year old down? Wanna act like a tough ass, come do it to my face. Dont put my kids safety at risk cause youre a stupid bitch.	sexual_harassment
@SaamaanthaaJune @__chelsearenee_ @AverisDope samantha why dont you just shut the fuck up and mind your own damn business. this whole situation HAS NOTHING to do with you, so why you out here running your fat mouth? if she wanted to sell her pussy she wou	sexual_harassment
@SunnyLeone @DanielWeber99 you bitch. You fucking whore. A fucking whore like you gets a chance to act in movies. What about the thousands of struggles we have? You motherfucking bitch! You bitch who doesn't know who her parents are, now acting clean! You	stereotype
Bitch be starting lmao sis "do what you preach"??? Speak for your fucking self you fucking cunt	discredit
STFU SUSAN. Oh yes, PLEASE lets give Trump CREDIT. I mean how else are you able to walk out on the street. Convince yourself that that this CATASTROPHE of a President who you said was better that HRC IS NOT ripping children away from parents seeking asylum, holding children	dominance
Where the fuck is your face scary hoe? Dont be saying nothing about peoples looks when you to pussy to post yours. You bitches can not fucking compete. Sit the fuck down and shut the fuck up. All of you bitches wanna talk about looks, but wheres your pics? Stay in your lane.	dominance
STUPID FUCKING CUNT ASS CUNT BITCH DIDNT STOP AT HER STOP SIGN AND TOTALED MY FUCKING CAR THAT I USE TO MAKE FUCKING MONEY OH MY FUCKING GOD YOU STUPID FUCKING BITCH	discredit
@deplorablem1ke Goddamn fucking bitch shut your fucking flap cunt! Downplaying as if you got game & political power killing all US presidents w/ my civil rights violators bribed in-part 1st family children to run w/criminals & or both monopolize conspirat	dominance
@gergeyx @revoirandrew Got a job you fat daddy fucking cunt . Thats how Im paying rent dumb ass hoe	discredit
To the guys that loved me,made a relationship with, cheated on me, made false promises. Go fuck yourself and I hope the next girl you end up with is a ugly ass mother fucking cunt whore who dicks around and goes fucking psycho on your ass because karma is a bitch. :)	discredit
@Ruby_Hs Hoe stop fucking lying cause i had her phone for months and its been dead till now bitch& u thought u was being disrespectful 2 my kid,it was meWHERE DA FUCK U AT? she like bitch u acting crazy..dis aint no act bitch.. talk that shit but im gonna	dominance
Happy Birthday you stupid fucking bitch. I hope you slip and break ya neck, hoe. Grown to love yo lame ass. @alvkxrd	sexual_harassment
Yall STAY making post about the LGBT community. You quoted my tweet and started bitching like the insecure little brat you are shut the fuck up and go cry to your mommy. I dont give a fuck about what you have to say.	dominance
People tryna use #BPD and say promiscuity is a symptom No bitch its called being a slut, youre trying to excuse why you got caught cheating and broke up you fucking hoe	discredit
shut the fuck up you stupud fucking edater , go get some fucking pussy irl you dumb muslim	dominance
@CalioWilliamson @CNN Fucking bitch ! Shes doing that since 2 years when she give money to STUDENTS, STUPID HOE ! Now laugh in silence and poverty ! U want attention and like bcse its trendy ton talk shit about her ??	discredit
shut the fuck up you fucking pussy you wouldnt know survival if it hit you in the face you draft dodger	sexual_harassment
@Complex Ok people say Em aint good anymore, yet this shit gets a pass? So much content in this..youre such a fucking hoe, I love it...suck my dick bitch wow...groundbreaking material looking like Roblox characters #pass	discredit
@amaziah_filani What a fucking cunt I hate seeing kids getting neglected and used as parents experiment. So fucking sad. I tell you if I ever saw this whore Id definitely hurt her.	sexual_harassment
Yeah I can't wait till y'all all shut the fuck up about it. Trumps a moron Hillary is a cunt Berney is a fuckin douche they are politicians no matter what one sides gonna bitch and think they hold the moral high ground but guess what we are all the same and most don't give a fuck	discredit
seeing ur close girlfriends in public: HEY U STUPID FUCKING SLUT BITCH I HATE U seeing girls u dont really like: hey girl omgggg how u beeeennn its been foreverrrrrr	discredit
U MOTHERFUCKING BITCH DIDNT TELL ME I COULD MOVE MY KING CHIPS WHEN I HAD F O UR AND YOU HAD NONE. CHEATING ASS HOE.	dominance
HOW FUCKING DARE YOU LOOK AT HER WHILE CALLING HIM HIS SPIRITUAL SON YOU CUNT FUCKING BITCH	sexual_harassment
@rdag51509914 @OutlawsOW @DallasFuel Who the fuck are you talking to pussy, I stated my point til your bitch ass team beats outlaws in the battle of Texas I dont give a fuck about anything else eat a dick and shut the fuck up	dominance
@RefuSimbi So fucking sexy my QUEEN i can I be that SPECIAL king to spoil you for a WEEKEND are life time suck that pretty pussy and fuck u good plus suck on THEM sexy feet fuck with me BEAUTIFUL	sexual_harassment
@Alyssa_Milano @SenateDems Hi @Alyssa_Milano. Is there a way to get the ladies to stop shouting out during the hearing? It's having the opposite of the desired effect. I love the silent handmaids. But screaming hysterical women is just insulting to the ca	stereotype
@KTHopkins You fucking cunt! You dont take reporting seriously! You fucking and disgusting bitch! You are a disgrace for women. Youre a monster!	discredit
Can we just take a second to remember that @kanyewest rapped three months ago Cause now I see women as something to nurture, not something to conquer and now hes yelling out Your such a fucking hoe, I love it	dominance
@LRBitisnot Your words are soooooo descriptive. And now if there was any question about what happened before, now shes just being in in-your-face fucktwaddle because she thinks she got away with it the first time. Fucking bitch...and I dont say that about	discredit
Stupid dumb bitch I hate stupid dumb bitches Like stfu You dumb ass hoe Im so angry That youre dumb and stupid You make no sense Look at you talk out of your mouth Lmaoo BITCH you mad ignorant Be quiet bc you embarass yourself Sorry youre right i am less intelligent	dominance
@Marfy_12 1.ur retarded to take yt photo of someone else2.i will when u show ur real3.ur a fuckin bitch ass nigga u fucking cunt4.boii i got ur mum twerking for 5 cents coz dats how poor u fucking really are.5.stop being a fucked up slutty rat	discredit
honestly a bitch didnt deserve shit this whole year or whole fuckin life so why q bitch always complaining ugh fucking hoe	dominance
Yes I have a job And I'm pretty damn sure u dont make remotely close to what I make a week working 25 hours than what u make working 80 hours so shut the fuck up. I clearly said on the thread I had time yesterday....whore	dominance
