@RefuSimbi So fucking sexy my QUEEN i can I be that SPECIAL king to spoil you for a WEEKEND are life time suck that pretty pussy and fuck u good plus suck on THEM sexy feet fuck with me BEAUTIFUL
STUPID FUCKING CUNT ASS CUNT BITCH DIDNT STOP AT HER STOP SIGN AND TOTALED MY FUCKING CAR THAT I USE TO MAKE FUCKING MONEY OH MY FUCKING GOD YOU STUPID FUCKING BITCH
Fuck you, you fuckin skank WHAT DID YOU SAY!? I said I can’t wait to own a fishing tank!
@FeministVoter She fucking called me a "cracker bitch", and you're going to attack me? Nice. Fucking cunt.
@SunnyLeone @DanielWeber99 you bitch. You fucking whore. A fucking whore like you gets a chance to act in movies. What about the thousands of struggles we have? You motherfucking bitch! You bitch who doesn't know who her parents are, now acting clean! You
@marvin_emily 'Getting lit off trays of fucking Molly you mermaid loving slag' - the only true response to give her
All you fucking faggots were laughing at her too with that other fucking dumb cunt liberal Ellen DeGeneres
@SocialPowerOne1 You know whats insane Dana!! Is how the NRA continues to get away with fucking murdering children in country! Why dont you shut the fuck up greedy skank !!
@xJenniferWhitex @thecherryclub You are Beautiful charming Bitch Jennifer white Nobody's fuck like you Amazing sucking Cocks 💝💝💝👑👑👑👑👑👑
I'm so fucking horny this morning and my big fat cock is so fucking hard need a horny cock sucking slut or whore to cum and suck me off
@AynRandPaulRyan Fucking bitch sarah fucking lying cunt
“Fucking slut. I knew you were cheating on me.” https://t.co/mHmhJytNd6
23. the reason that fucking skank ass cunt lied about me was to cover up her shaking my kid, and being in on fucking up lawsuit
straight people flirting boy: *takes girls phone and fucking smashes it to pieces* you’re stupid and a bitch girl: omg Kyle...stooop 😂 😂
@KTHopkins You fucking cunt! You dont take reporting seriously! You fucking and disgusting bitch! You are a disgrace for women. Youre a monster!
'If I ain't meet her I 'ont like her' shut the fuck up bitch no one fucking like you skank ass as it is hoe
If I ever hit you w dumb fucking cunt ass fucking stupid ass fucking bitch just know Im extremely mad at you.
@amaziah_filani What a fucking cunt I hate seeing kids getting neglected and used as parents experiment. So fucking sad. I tell you if I ever saw this whore Id definitely hurt her.
Bitch had the NERVE to leave the fucking box in the mail room you fucking cunt bitch fuck
Bitch be starting lmao sis "do what you preach"??? Speak for your fucking self you fucking cunt
Bitches better stop wearing bonnets in public. Put a fucking hat on if you’re a lazy cunt like me. That’s what I do.
@ArianasBotch Ok if you fucking said leave block me. But dm me first I'm gonna kick your ass. Shut the fuck up you https://t.co/6BXkfxMEf9
@deplorablem1ke Goddamn fucking bitch shut your fucking flap cunt! Downplaying as if you got game & political power killing all US presidents w/ my civil rights violators bribed in-part 1st family children to run w/criminals & or both monopolize conspirat
Some cunt at Walmart went full psycho on me saying how she had no fucking space to put her shit bitch ur taking up the entire conveyor belt
Another fucking piece of a crap. You have gone too far in chasing mirages, Kashmiri women do not sleep around with RSS men, you fucking cunt, there is no sanity left in you now. You must have heard that phrase. 'Langoor Ke haath angoor' this shit is similar.
@femfreq Fuck you and all of your videos you stupid video game criticizing bitch stop fucking talking about things you know nothing about fucker
Fucking dropped my phone and cracked the screen fucking shit cunt bitch
Can we just take a second to remember that @kanyewest rapped three months ago Cause now I see women as something to nurture, not something to conquer and now hes yelling out Your such a fucking hoe, I love it
@KendallJenner "whatever makes them happy" really bitch? you are not good friend, you are mother fucking cunt @haileybaldwin @justinbieber
Youre such an ugly fucking bitch and I take back no words I said to you and I wish I slapped you when you were stood infront of me blahing your eyes out you pussy bitch
@Ruby_Hs Hoe stop fucking lying cause i had her phone for months and its been dead till now bitch& u thought u was being disrespectful 2 my kid,it was meWHERE DA FUCK U AT? she like bitch u acting crazy..dis aint no act bitch.. talk that shit but im gonna
@DDUB789 That bitch is giving me the fuck u I just filled ur glass....Simone is getting 24% instead of 25....thats right whore Im talking to YOU. Oh no, thank you just the bill it was good. (It really fucking wasnt)
being nauseous is stupid and a pussy move, like @ my body just fucking vomit already you bitch. let’s GO.
@Marfy_12 1.ur retarded to take yt photo of someone else2.i will when u show ur real3.ur a fuckin bitch ass nigga u fucking cunt4.boii i got ur mum twerking for 5 cents coz dats how poor u fucking really are.5.stop being a fucked up slutty rat
@dwmillerus @angiesd789 @SenateMajLdr Yes so obtuse every other country in the fucking world has one. Herp derp. We help fund border walls for other countries then deal with race shaming bullshit from dick lickers like you when we want to protect ourselve
@JeneneHoyer U a rabid fucking cunt.. oh yea but u from Indiana tho.. common for u women folk.. ask mother pence
Yeah I can't wait till y'all all shut the fuck up about it. Trumps a moron Hillary is a cunt Berney is a fuckin douche they are politicians no matter what one sides gonna bitch and think they hold the moral high ground but guess what we are all the same and most don't give a fuck
@ oomf: SGUT THE FUCK UP NO ONE FUCKIN CARES ABOUT WHAT YOU HAVE TO FUCKING SAY STUPID BITCH ASS CUNT GO SUCK YOUR UGLYASS BOYF DICK
seeing ur close girlfriends in public: HEY U STUPID FUCKING SLUT BITCH I HATE U seeing girls u dont really like: hey girl omgggg how u beeeennn its been foreverrrrrr
@sana_____0 Fuck this fat pig bastard woman you fucking cunt. Wish I could cut your tits so that you could feel the pain cunt!!
@MichelleRempel did you fight for women? Ever???? Did you fight against the AESO in our recession? Did you acknowledge sustainability in the context of our energy industry? Ever??? Shut your stupid fucking cunt mouth.
Cheerleaders make me fucking sick! It's not a sport you dumb skanks so go back to caking on your makeup. #WomenSuck
@WynslowIsTyping Shut the fuck up you fucking monkey jew bitch cunt nigger dick licking
@ THE BROKE BITCHES WHO ARE PARTYING IN MY OVARIES. I HOPE YOU FUCKING DIE AND ROT IN HELL YOU STUPID UGLY ASS BITCH
Riding ur shithole like a whore fucker. Conquering ur hole fucking u boipussy in all position & mak u get facial wi… https://t.co/I2hHb5sLva
@THFCJoshh @FortniteGame Good English you dumb cunt slober on my nob u Jew if you were playing I would fucking rape you cunt
@SunnyLeone @DanielWeber99 you fucking bitch! You don't know a fuck about acting. You're just a fucking whore who's used to getting fucked by random dudes you don't even know.
Happy Birthday you stupid fucking bitch. I hope you slip and break ya neck, hoe. Grown to love yo lame ass. @alvkxrd
@HEHe06033701 @Mikey_boludo Shut the fuck up dumb bitch. If you dont like it dont fucking reply You childish slut
@SkyNews She’s actually a clown! They should sue her for being a fucking dumb cunt and falling down the hole nearly squashing the winners 😂
