.@FLOTUS, I didn't hear you saying anything when you husband was talking about grabbing women by the pussy. That's ok tho? Go play in the garden in your stilettos and stfu!
Listen skank. Your sugar daddy is the biggest 5x draft-dodging, punk-bitch coward in the COUNTRY. Your opinions mean nothing. You go find a stripper pole, or whatever you did before, STFU about cowardice. ENOUGH! "Melania Trump"
Loool I tried using my card abroad n the cunt hoe sket worker was like 'ur card declined maybe u dnt have enough' I… https://t.co/HmQoKmwtMu
You don't go to parties with your significant other... You go to parties to try and get other peoples significant others #WomenSuck
I just wanna know why the girl dont like me 😭😂 What I ever do to you hoe? Other than give you rides and be nice to you 😂🤦🏻‍♀️ Hating ass hoe
Idk what feminists are pissed about.. You get free access to our wallets and all you have to do in return is cook and suck our weiners.
Yes I have a job And I'm pretty damn sure u dont make remotely close to what I make a week working 25 hours than what u make working 80 hours so shut the fuck up. I clearly said on the thread I had time yesterday....whore
@ghostlydevin @loserwyattt i don’t want a loyal bitch i want a skank hoe who will suck another niggas dick in my be… https://t.co/mswJedEKXn
To the women who’s just sold the house she’d agreed to sell to me, you’re a cunt. You can go to hell.
Last RT is brilliant someone had replied onto a thread of Claire saying they didn't like "tv claire" an that she needs to stay in the kitchen to cook for Jamie. Stfu bitch.
@jellsoval You’re just a dumb little cunt who had an abortion to go be a hoe, and you eat your tampons tryna be “fe… https://t.co/UtFOtQ1C19
Everyone calls u btch, and u don't like it? Bitch like whaaat?! Who wouldnt be called bitch u wore like a whore waiting for someone to dig their dick so stfu barbie yo' nigga disagree!
I usually dont hate people but I actually hate that bitch. You tried to be friends with me outside of work and then when I had a crisis you decided to be professional and use that against me. Thats the worst type of person. Fucking cunt will get hers though.
wow that bitch is tweeting hard like her 'good heart' makes it look like she wasn't involved in the coverup- everybody knows she's a ho!
Dear Facebook, Jus coz I have these whores numbers in my phone doesn't mean I want them seeing my personal life, please stop suggesting them
@ajamubaraka Never mind the contempt that the DNC has for its base, giving the nomination to Hillary instead of Bernie, and the contempt Hillary has for the masses calling them "deplorable" and claiming women are stupid and voted how their husbands told t
Im sorry, but this generation of females have no self respect. The internet shouldnt know when youre horny, wet, how good you pussy is & etc. & Yall wonder why these boys treat yall like hoes ! Praying for this generation
Dont you realize youre only making my cock harder with your constant whining, you stupid little bitch? God, your pussy feels so tight when I choke you. I think I might just fill your pussy up right now so you never forget about this day.
@onnyssaaa well stfu then BITCH you coming to some yeen got NO BUSINESS being in. You need to mind the business that pays you hoe
When're I go to a wedding all I can think about is how many times the bride is going to get pounded after the wedding #HoneyMoonPoon
@Elaine61676401 @Leah49274379 @PattyArquette @SteveScalise Ok sure. You skank ass troll bot. Go take a bath with a toasterno one will miss you when you are gone
@forniaa 3rd, you are a fuckin BIRD you dumb bitch so what anytime you got drunk and had sex it was rape?! I'm sick of you feminazis
Laying in my bed telling me not to suck your cock cause it smelled... we know why.. it was up some skanks arse before you came to mine
so my Chloe don't want to see me win she unfollowed because I made a post i HIT 100 FOLLOWERS and then she unfollowed me bitch fuck u whore
@Fashir @jillciminillo I read fine, and likely better than you given my experience. She's an hysterical woman looking for attention and trying to make some sort of issue out of two things that have nothing to do with each other. It's a tennis match. Do yo
'I don't want to be like the jealous girlfriend who won't let you have friends' bitch you have to be my girlfriend first
@laurenarankin Ben Sasse is 100% correct. Since 1973, all Ive EVER heard every two years for elections are hysterical women (all a Leftist act) about Back-Alley abortions. This shit is getting old! I didnt hear one other protest issue being yelled about i
@lmchristi1 It's a nice butt. But I didn't think you were a slut. I thought you might be a 300 lb man tweeting in your stained wife beater. 👊🏻
Like for one bitch you ain’t never let me not any nigga I know fuck u been a paid hoe and you didn’t get the $200 in Miami butch drown
IDC IF YOU FAT OR SKINNY BITCH IF YOU DONT SAY EXCUSE ME, IM NOT MOVING MY CHAIR. FUCK U HOE
@femfreq Anita is equating gamergate to cosby and weinstein so she can equate herself to actual rape victims so she can keep playing the card
Can’t even date or talk to a girl who is an attention whore on social media. What makes you think ima date or talk to a hoe in real life🐸🤣
Most women just want to be ravaged... But sadly most of these men don't know what that means and wouldn't know where to begin...
@realDonaldTrump Your followers might not know it but God knows (or whoever is in charge) what kind of lying monster you are. Don't think because you have that skank Paula White by your side that you won't go down in flames.
Anyways the big boobed bitch was also a lowkey whore but nobody knew except our mutual friend who had also told me what she had done
I dont understand who work so hard at sex work. They are so nuts about having sex even in the situation at work. Huh? Youre just another bitch working at the same store. Furthermore, you cant do anything what you are needed and have to. Die bitch die.
@BaconNSquats “Big slut” is the new “Hottie McHotterson”. It’s a compliment. I’ve always thought you looked like a big slut, boo! 😘
One of the biggest reason I never wanted to come out to my friends was bc I was afraid theyll think I have crush on them when Im just being a decent human being so I call them stupid bitch and a fucking hoe everytime I see them
Dear white girls: Regardless of how much black dick you’ve had in your mouth you don’t get a pass to freely say “nigga.” Ever. Lol.
Was getting elbowed by a triple chinned cunt with nails like a woman ont train Let a smelly fart out before moving… https://t.co/mAo0mdzGve
I was 18 when birth control became legal by the SCOTUS so I found an osteopath that prescribed it to me at 16. Sen Hatch & Sass yelling in the Senate to get those hysterical women out of the chamber was clear the GOP still wants control of women's bodies. #VoteNoOnKavanaugh
Bitches be havin no education,no job,no house and still got the nerves to say all these niqqas want is pussy buh bitch WTF!! do yo hav?😂😂😂
@Gbaby_5 @collinscody01 @mandaxxbaby @AnoopJo64686365 @savagedewd @YoooooAdrienne Suck these big balls instead you pussy. I would fight you anywhere anyway if you have the balls to step in. Come to Singapore we can sparr there kid.
I never been with a girl as big as you pussy be beating hard on this dick bet Cool hopefully you can find a girl my size that would want to go down on ya
Wow, Stupid is as Stupidity does These stupid women are stupid Yet, if they are doing this for Trump I hope he is paying them $15,000 per month to talk,rape and act a fool for him @DiamondandSilk IdIots, Yea you two
Got me wanting to give him them 5 kids for the dick, I’ll beat a bitch up bout my 🍆. Baby u the only one I need headass on that dick 😂
bitch stfu yall call angela an ice queen but then say oh sure angelas the mean one you can say this shit and still recognize angela being a whole bitch
@USATODAY Shaddup you skank ass immigrant HO, who did you steal that statement from Michelle ... AGAIN ?!? WTF would you know about OUR country, you haven't been here long enough to start that BULL SHIT !!
@TheOnlyBalenci Stfu nigga you a fake stealing peoples name for clout how do you feel goofy bitch... Go ahead and block me pussy you will have more comments coming
@EmilyKnoxxxx YOU ALWAYS HAVE MY DICK. ONCE YOU START USING MINE AND YOU WILL NEVER FEEL YOU PUSSY IS EMPTY AND ONCE YOUR PUSSY STARTS TASTING MY DICK IT WILL NOT ACCEPT OTHER DICK, IT WILL DIE TO HAVE MINE ALL THE TIME. FUCK U BABY
