Number of tweets 85 
Dominance: 21, share 0.24705882352941178 
Sexual Harassment: 17, share 0.2 
Derailing: 0, share 0.0 
Discredit: 44, share 0.5176470588235295 
Stereotype: 3, share 0.03529411764705882 
Please tell me why the bitch next to me in the piercing line is so judgmental about everyone she fucking sees. SHUT THE FUCK UP.	dominance
You are a fucking ugly bitch!shut the fuck up??????????????????????????????????????????????????????you just a ugly bitch!fuck you ??????????	dominance
 @bnixole: bitch shut the fuck up you're fucking your best friends dad https://t.co/1YR6ydZMgc	dominance
@ArianasBotch Ok if you fucking said leave block me. But dm me first I'm gonna kick your ass. Shut the fuck up you https://t.co/6BXkfxMEf9	sexual_harassment
All you fucking faggots were laughing at her too with that other fucking dumb cunt liberal Ellen DeGeneres	discredit
Donald- you stupid bitch Hillary- you fuckin buffoon Donald- think they believe we hate each other? Ah fuck it lets go get a drink https://t.co/bbx98NCySX	discredit
@MorinBois I know fucker bitch i rode with you one time remember cunt whore? Never again will i fuck around with the fuck around 😂😂	discredit
@eileenmdm @ldontgotanyhoes I hate you you fucking cunt bitch how fucking dare you I hope you wake up with mad cott… https://t.co/XXb8oWQuv9	discredit
You mother fucking piece of trash stupid fucking idiot hoe i hope you fucking die in hell son of a father fucking fuck bitch whore you fucki	sexual_harassment
Girls get so mad when you fuck em and never talk to them again... It's so fucking adorable	stereotype
oh you want a name fight ! ❛ you stupid COCK loving slut ! ,you fucking WHORE ! how do you like that huh you little shit ! ❜	sexual_harassment
I'm so fucking horny this morning and my big fat cock is so fucking hard need a horny cock sucking slut or whore to cum and suck me off	sexual_harassment
Shoutout to all the ladies that fuck with their vaginas and not their emotions... You bitches are my fucking favorite	sexual_harassment
This nigga is on snap fucking a bitch while she sucking somebody else's dick 😂😂😂 bruh	discredit
Wanna be like u could be fucking working for him some day you fucking little slut	discredit
@curvethan fucking hoe ass fucking cunt shut ur fucking dirty ass mouth you fucking bitch im gonna fucking block you	discredit
Fuck off you stupid fucking CUNT OH MY GODDDDDDDD	discredit
knuckle up cause I'll fight for mines Yo pussy petty, U wasting time .. U seasonal, part time U get fucked up fuckin w/ mine U lil bitch	discredit
@femfreq Fuck you and all of your videos you stupid video game criticizing bitch stop fucking talking about things you know nothing about fucker	dominance
@SpIashMan can u report dogshit retard link me after u beg ur fucking terrible u foreign cunt u sound like a woman fucking funder	stereotype
23. the reason that fucking skank ass cunt lied about me was to cover up her shaking my kid, and being in on fucking up lawsuit	discredit
'If I ain't meet her I 'ont like her' shut the fuck up bitch no one fucking like you skank ass as it is hoe	dominance
MONIKA WAS RIGHT? RIGHT ABOUT WHAT WHAT DID THAT FUCKING BITCH ASS THOT MOTHERFUCKING HO ASS SKANK SAY TO YOU?	discredit
@accioxpeter fuck you thats my fucking boy bitch ass cunt ready to fight	discredit
If only I could get out and beat the cunt that just hit my car with 5 fucking kids in it...cops are fucking looking for you bitch 507TVB	sexual_harassment
Fucking dropped my phone and cracked the screen fucking shit cunt bitch	discredit
Fuck you Noot Noot Harime fucking fashion cunt tailor cunt looking bug as eye looking no arm be having bitch	discredit
FUCKING FUCK SHIT PISS MOTHERFUCKING BITCH TIT CUNT FUCKING SLUT	discredit
fuckin not even a cup like fuckin negative d cup whore flat chested bitch	sexual_harassment
fucking take that stupid bitch FILTHY whore nobody will love you fuck you idgaf if ur pregnant ill kill u go ahead call the cops nobody wi	sexual_harassment
@A1_Infinite fuck you u a fucking whore Lil bitch I don't even like u tbh	discredit
@debaucherries Ugh fucking bitch ass cunt!!!!!!!!!! Cheeto ass looking bitch 😭	discredit
@AynRandPaulRyan Fucking bitch sarah fucking lying cunt	discredit
Some cunt at Walmart went full psycho on me saying how she had no fucking space to put her shit bitch ur taking up the entire conveyor belt	discredit
Bitch had the NERVE to leave the fucking box in the mail room you fucking cunt bitch fuck	discredit
@ oomf: SGUT THE FUCK UP NO ONE FUCKIN CARES ABOUT WHAT YOU HAVE TO FUCKING SAY STUPID BITCH ASS CUNT GO SUCK YOUR UGLYASS BOYF DICK	dominance
@lucymilsom2 your just a dirty fuckin whore u got all this chat about me go suck ur fuckin mum u disgusting lil hoe say suttin	discredit
Aye @lostspecimen youre a fucking whore dont fucking speak to me again u fuckin peacock fake ass hoe	dominance
Riding ur shithole like a whore fucker. Conquering ur hole fucking u boipussy in all position & mak u get facial wi… https://t.co/I2hHb5sLva	sexual_harassment
@svgethe3rd She is a fucking slut wtf cunt she deserves to fall in that river dumb hoe that shit is fucked cunt	discredit
@WynslowIsTyping Shut the fuck up you fucking monkey jew bitch cunt nigger dick licking	dominance
Hey @AnnCoulter you fucking cunt ass bitch. Do the world a favor and fucking kill yourself, at least you'll be great to something and not fuck that up.....at least we hope you won't.	sexual_harassment
I fucking know who he cheated with even if he didn't say it. This fucking bitch, I've always fucking hated her two faced whore ass	discredit
u just like me to feel weird thanks holly so fuck u then bitch go fuck yourself childish little girl grow up I hate u I'm glad I don't c u now bitch face I'm not talk on u 2day now fucking cunt	discredit
@piperalex_ Unless cow tipping is classed as physical assault you should shut your fucking whore mouth, i hope you never show your face outside of whatever hole you went to hide in because frankly i would love to drop kick you off a fucking balcony xoxoxo	sexual_harassment
THEN STOP SAYING IT CHRISTINA , fucking pussy stfu stop jocking her she dont be worried bout you you acting like flight	dominance
@sana_____0 Fuck this fat pig bastard woman you fucking cunt. Wish I could cut your tits so that you could feel the pain cunt!!	sexual_harassment
fucking cunt whore slut pussy bitch fuck you	discredit
Another fucking piece of a crap. You have gone too far in chasing mirages, Kashmiri women do not sleep around with RSS men, you fucking cunt, there is no sanity left in you now. You must have heard that phrase. 'Langoor Ke haath angoor' this shit is similar.	discredit
@AnguloCrystal @Zanderjmurphy @juliabusch_ i dont give a fuck if you started the tweets or if katelyn did. either way you were talking shit to katelyn so i joined this shit bc shes my friend. thats what my point was so shut the fuck up youre a nasty bitch	discredit
@FeministVoter She fucking called me a "cracker bitch", and you're going to attack me? Nice. Fucking cunt.	discredit
@DDUB789 That bitch is giving me the fuck u I just filled ur glass....Simone is getting 24% instead of 25....thats right whore Im talking to YOU. Oh no, thank you just the bill it was good. (It really fucking wasnt)	discredit
@SocialPowerOne1 You know whats insane Dana!! Is how the NRA continues to get away with fucking murdering children in country! Why dont you shut the fuck up greedy skank !!	dominance
@SunnyLeone @DanielWeber99 you fucking bitch! You don't know a fuck about acting. You're just a fucking whore who's used to getting fucked by random dudes you don't even know.	dominance
@DanReynolds STFU BITCH! AND YOU GO MAKE SOME SATANIC MUSIC U ILLUMINATI WHORE!! Fuck you FUCK IMAGINE DRAGONS You cock sucking maggots	dominance
Woke up angry bc 2 years ago a groomsman &I were supposed to walk into the reception doing the Bernie but this cunt of a bridesmaid insisted that they were gonna do it so we quickly made something up while in line to go and then this fucking bitch walks in & DOESNT FUCKING DO IT	discredit
@MichelleRempel did you fight for women? Ever???? Did you fight against the AESO in our recession? Did you acknowledge sustainability in the context of our energy industry? Ever??? Shut your stupid fucking cunt mouth.	dominance
@DatGaBoii Yea that fucking ass hole mother fucking bitch! GRRRRR	discredit
I just wanna let you know, you're a stupid fucking cunt Go ahead & run your mouth, pussy, I don't give a fuck You're a stupid piece of shit, you're a stupid fucking bitch Get the fuck up off my dick, get the fuck up off my dick, like..- Pink Guy	discredit
If I ever hit you w dumb fucking cunt ass fucking stupid ass fucking bitch just know Im extremely mad at you.	discredit
@HEHe06033701 @Mikey_boludo Shut the fuck up dumb bitch. If you dont like it dont fucking reply You childish slut	discredit
Stupid fucking cunt, what you dont like me so youre gonna speed through a stopped bus to what? Try & run me & my 4 year old down? Wanna act like a tough ass, come do it to my face. Dont put my kids safety at risk cause youre a stupid bitch.	sexual_harassment
@SunnyLeone @DanielWeber99 you bitch. You fucking whore. A fucking whore like you gets a chance to act in movies. What about the thousands of struggles we have? You motherfucking bitch! You bitch who doesn't know who her parents are, now acting clean! You	stereotype
Bitch be starting lmao sis "do what you preach"??? Speak for your fucking self you fucking cunt	discredit
Where the fuck is your face scary hoe? Dont be saying nothing about peoples looks when you to pussy to post yours. You bitches can not fucking compete. Sit the fuck down and shut the fuck up. All of you bitches wanna talk about looks, but wheres your pics? Stay in your lane.	dominance
STUPID FUCKING CUNT ASS CUNT BITCH DIDNT STOP AT HER STOP SIGN AND TOTALED MY FUCKING CAR THAT I USE TO MAKE FUCKING MONEY OH MY FUCKING GOD YOU STUPID FUCKING BITCH	discredit
@deplorablem1ke Goddamn fucking bitch shut your fucking flap cunt! Downplaying as if you got game & political power killing all US presidents w/ my civil rights violators bribed in-part 1st family children to run w/criminals & or both monopolize conspirat	dominance
FUCKING SHUT ME UP BITCH FUCK U U AINT SHIT CUNT FAGGIT BITCH	dominance
To the guys that loved me,made a relationship with, cheated on me, made false promises. Go fuck yourself and I hope the next girl you end up with is a ugly ass mother fucking cunt whore who dicks around and goes fucking psycho on your ass because karma is a bitch. :)	discredit
@Ruby_Hs Hoe stop fucking lying cause i had her phone for months and its been dead till now bitch& u thought u was being disrespectful 2 my kid,it was meWHERE DA FUCK U AT? she like bitch u acting crazy..dis aint no act bitch.. talk that shit but im gonna	dominance
Yall STAY making post about the LGBT community. You quoted my tweet and started bitching like the insecure little brat you are shut the fuck up and go cry to your mommy. I dont give a fuck about what you have to say.	dominance
shut the fuck up you stupud fucking edater , go get some fucking pussy irl you dumb muslim	dominance
shut the fuck up you fucking pussy you wouldnt know survival if it hit you in the face you draft dodger	sexual_harassment
@Complex Ok people say Em aint good anymore, yet this shit gets a pass? So much content in this..youre such a fucking hoe, I love it...suck my dick bitch wow...groundbreaking material looking like Roblox characters #pass	discredit
@amaziah_filani What a fucking cunt I hate seeing kids getting neglected and used as parents experiment. So fucking sad. I tell you if I ever saw this whore Id definitely hurt her.	sexual_harassment
Yeah I can't wait till y'all all shut the fuck up about it. Trumps a moron Hillary is a cunt Berney is a fuckin douche they are politicians no matter what one sides gonna bitch and think they hold the moral high ground but guess what we are all the same and most don't give a fuck	discredit
seeing ur close girlfriends in public: HEY U STUPID FUCKING SLUT BITCH I HATE U seeing girls u dont really like: hey girl omgggg how u beeeennn its been foreverrrrrr	discredit
HOW FUCKING DARE YOU LOOK AT HER WHILE CALLING HIM HIS SPIRITUAL SON YOU CUNT FUCKING BITCH	sexual_harassment
@rdag51509914 @OutlawsOW @DallasFuel Who the fuck are you talking to pussy, I stated my point til your bitch ass team beats outlaws in the battle of Texas I dont give a fuck about anything else eat a dick and shut the fuck up	dominance
@RefuSimbi So fucking sexy my QUEEN i can I be that SPECIAL king to spoil you for a WEEKEND are life time suck that pretty pussy and fuck u good plus suck on THEM sexy feet fuck with me BEAUTIFUL	sexual_harassment
@KTHopkins You fucking cunt! You dont take reporting seriously! You fucking and disgusting bitch! You are a disgrace for women. Youre a monster!	discredit
@LRBitisnot Your words are soooooo descriptive. And now if there was any question about what happened before, now shes just being in in-your-face fucktwaddle because she thinks she got away with it the first time. Fucking bitch...and I dont say that about	discredit
@Marfy_12 1.ur retarded to take yt photo of someone else2.i will when u show ur real3.ur a fuckin bitch ass nigga u fucking cunt4.boii i got ur mum twerking for 5 cents coz dats how poor u fucking really are.5.stop being a fucked up slutty rat	discredit
Youre a whole entire bitch and some. Your mother and father probably brother and sister. Stupid fucking cunt	discredit
honestly a bitch didnt deserve shit this whole year or whole fuckin life so why q bitch always complaining ugh fucking hoe	dominance
