Number of tweets 218 
Dominance: 33, share 0.15137614678899083 
Sexual Harassment: 45, share 0.20642201834862386 
Derailing: 9, share 0.04128440366972477 
Discredit: 109, share 0.5 
Stereotype: 22, share 0.10091743119266056 
 @Akhdre_: "You too skinny, imma hurt you" Girl  if you don't shut the fuck up and ride this dick. Imma be aight. I got Obamacare."	sexual_harassment
Kashdoll said 🗣Yall hoes kill me always want the next bitch issue, bitch you want her life but dont know what she been threw 💯‼️	discredit
wow that bitch is tweeting hard like her 'good heart' makes it look like she wasn't involved in the coverup- everybody knows she's a ho!	discredit
Fuck you bitch. I'd fight you if I wasn't pregnant but your too big of a pussy to hit anyone cause all you do is run your outh	discredit
This bitch is stupid af. Forcing me to wake up my residents. Like wtf not like I was sitting not doing shit I was doing shit. Stupid ass.	discredit
@spoillbrat Ahhh bitch just the other day you said ' I been having a crush on him since forever' dumb ass hoe give it up he don't want you	discredit
Then da cop decides to get in da car and try to make da girl suck his dick in da backseat for what reason Idk smh had to beat this nigga ass	sexual_harassment
Girls hear you say “fuckkk” during sex and think her pussy fire First of all hoe I’m really just feeling bad for cheating on my girl😂😂😂😂	sexual_harassment
Donald- you stupid bitch Hillary- you fuckin buffoon Donald- think they believe we hate each other? Ah fuck it lets go get a drink https://t.co/bbx98NCySX	discredit
@wutangela then you bitch m complain when you get them haha stop being a little bitch and just accept what you are, you filthy whore 😎	discredit
so my Chloe don't want to see me win she unfollowed because I made a post i HIT 100 FOLLOWERS and then she unfollowed me bitch fuck u whore	discredit
You are a major Prick! No woman should ever be made to feel scared like that. But fuck you... you didn't ruin my day! Cunt!	sexual_harassment
@lenatheplug The difference is you promote being a slut you dumb bitch you should go fuck yourself and stick some a… https://t.co/cBwXZdMkP4	discredit
I'm actually really happy your ass got pregnant and that you're having a shotgun wedding. Karma is a bitch you cheating skank	discredit
Katie - You are a toxic bitch and will always be one. You got your way. I am going to be fired again anyways. You toxic bitch.	stereotype
I'm just over here laughing at how this little ol' white girl came at Sam and thought she was gonna win... LIKE BITCH DO YOU KNOW WHO WE ARE	dominance
“What’s wrong you pathetic little slut, can’t take much of daddy’s cock like you thought you did? Can you?”	dominance
@lmchristi1 It's a nice butt. But I didn't think you were a slut. I thought you might be a 300 lb man tweeting in your stained wife beater. 👊🏻	stereotype
I just wanna know why the girl dont like me 😭😂 What I ever do to you hoe? Other than give you rides and be nice to you 😂🤦🏻‍♀️ Hating ass hoe	dominance
@imogenhowson LOL, you do dress like a slut :-) you look excellent.It entertains me that you have the slutty dressing covered while I do the slutty acting	derailing
Me personally I would've dragged that girl down the stairs lol but she was getting it..beat that fat hoe 😂😂	derailing
Idk what feminists are pissed about.. You get free access to our wallets and all you have to do in return is cook and suck our weiners.	stereotype
Can’t help if i want to body slam you cause you’re a dumb bitch. Yeaaaa, I remember you rude customer. Spotted at the gym. 😡	sexual_harassment
Got me wanting to give him them 5 kids for the dick, I’ll beat a bitch up bout my 🍆. Baby u the only one I need headass on that dick 😂	sexual_harassment
@MidlothianPD To the girl cop who I caught looking through my window, While my car was parked. Suck my whole dick and die hoe.	sexual_harassment
I don't know what it is sleep anymore. You are always on my mind. When my cock is hard like that, i wish i was hug you, feel your ass	sexual_harassment
@KellyannePolls @POTUS You nasty ugly whore!!! No one cares what you think and #THEBIGDUMP only sucks black dick now so stop trying to suck #donthecon dick. 🖕🖕🖕🖕💩💩	sexual_harassment
@macy_fanning Thanks😁 I don't believe it's a downgrade. She ain't gotta googly eye. Don't talk shit on social media bitch. Your pussy smells	sexual_harassment
whoever hit my sister’s car then drove off last night you are a broke ass bitch and we about to catch ur stupid ass enjoy that hit and run 🌚	sexual_harassment
fuck cunts tellin ppl w strtched ears that theyll 'learn from their mistakes' BITCH IT AINT A MISTAKE IF THEY FEEL BEAUTIFUL DOING IT FUCKU	sexual_harassment
Only a hoe would say some stupid shit like that. lol “pull your daddy and make you my stepson” I’ve heard it all now lmao https://t.co/jp7YpVNr9U	sexual_harassment
I AM NOT GOING AFTER YOUR EX BF YOU LIEING SACK OF SHIT ! I'm done with you dude that's why I dumped your ass cause your a lieing 😂😡 bitch	sexual_harassment
Bitches fav line is “Am I supposed to be scared?” Listen here lil bitch you don’t have to be scared to get your ass beat. So wassup😊	sexual_harassment
@MaddySinclairXX I’d love to lick your pussy before and after a Big Black cock has fucked it! I’m in northwest Indiana HMU if you need a cuckold!!!	sexual_harassment
Your girl is a hoe, you need to let go She fucked a... — You sent this a few months ago. I just now got to i... https://t.co/cvnV1f6fcF	sexual_harassment
I just want you to be my girlfriend without being my 'girlfriend' so I can fuck other people and you can't... Is that too much to ask?	sexual_harassment
Me trying to flirt- You have really nice eyebrows... I'd like to cum on them to see if they wash off	sexual_harassment
When you're fuckin a bitch doggy that has a bible verse tatted on her back and you begin thinkin about what a disgusting piece of shit you r	sexual_harassment
What's the polite way to say 'don't eat too much today cause I'm not tryin to get shit dick when I fuck you in the ass later'	sexual_harassment
D: DID THAT GUY JUST NOW FLIRT WITH YOU L: No, wait, it's not what you think D. I WON'T HESITATE; BITCH *shoots down the innocent fanboy*	discredit
@SaySplit bitch you crazy as hell if you think you not bringing MY niece to see me. The fuck. i was there when her ass was conceived gahdam!	discredit
bitch if jongin wants to give sehun a forehead kiss he will deadass tiptoe and kiss him you think a little height difference will stop him?	discredit
@rawideasinc @Impeach_D_Trump Maybe #karma will eliminate the problem..she‘s known to be a bitch. If you hear me Karma..sure be sweet if you gave Mueller iron clad proof.	discredit
@Keguro_ The women act like they don't have options. Yet dick is all over. When women realize there is EXCESS men is when they stop putting up trash.	discredit
Females be thinking they Pussy fire cuz u say fuck under yo breath first of all I forgot I had a whole bitch😂😂	discredit
Good morning sweet peeps! Woke up to see that Gini blocked me! Her lost the stupid bitch! Have a good day all! I know I will! 🤗😘💕🌠💖	discredit
Bitches be havin no education,no job,no house and still got the nerves to say all these niqqas want is pussy buh bitch WTF!! do yo hav?😂😂😂	discredit
I hate when bitches be actin selfish with the pussy know damn well they out here fuckin the whole city bitch probably burnin smh the nerve	discredit
He was being nice and cool. You were Being an attention whore. Next time explicitly say you’re not interested instead of flexing for Twitter https://t.co/96IJ7u0IjA	discredit
you will never catch me out here sharing a nigga , bitch you can have that nigga 🤗💯 i ain’t sharing no dick if I had a nigga bob 💪🏾	discredit
i skipped english a few days ago so i didn’t know about an assignment and this stupid bitch is making fun of me subtlety	discredit
Hoes ain't shit I'll die happy lonely..... Kuz I'll be damn if I trust another bitch who don't make her own money.......	discredit
Only a goofy bitch calls to tell you some violent ass shit a child wants to do with you cause of something their toxic ass said. Dumb hoe	discredit
@BaconNSquats “Big slut” is the new “Hottie McHotterson”. It’s a compliment. I’ve always thought you looked like a big slut, boo! 😘	discredit
My bitch so bad that I don’t even go to sleep!! Pussy so good it make you wanna buy a ring #Guwop	discredit
Like for one bitch you ain’t never let me not any nigga I know fuck u been a paid hoe and you didn’t get the $200 in Miami butch drown	discredit
Like the hoe went to Miami’s to be a hoe got sunt didnt get the money and wanted me to pay for her way back ?????? Bitch please	discredit
@E_flee25 Yo this bitch is blowing my shit 😑fr talking bout I'm trying to talk to her girl shawty won't even show her face .	discredit
This is when a guy says something like “I don’t want to date a hoe” n a woman responds with “But you n your sister got different daddies” bitch so...still not dating a hoe lol https://t.co/sMQcWdZnRL	discredit
Asked this bitch where she wanna eat, she said 'Porkys' and I'm done with white women man I don't care how fire the box is	discredit
@scorpiomel64 @lomadia @itsDanBull @seankent Chill your beans you crazy bitch just because you have a cunt doesn’t mean you resort straight to using it	discredit
'I don't want to be like the jealous girlfriend who won't let you have friends' bitch you have to be my girlfriend first	discredit
I dont see why some people get so offended by what i say. its not like im making this shit up, women really do suck.	discredit
I'm only fuckin doctors and lawyers from now on. At least if they go nuts I know they have somethin to lose unlike these sluts workin retail	discredit
I gotta stop posting about not wearing condoms cause these bitches is startin to make me wear condoms	discredit
Dear Facebook, Jus coz I have these whores numbers in my phone doesn't mean I want them seeing my personal life, please stop suggesting them	discredit
I gotta stop opening DMs when I'm drunk... I wake up like who TF is this bitch and why did I send her a dick pic	discredit
If she's over 18 and owns anything Hello Kitty.... Get that bitch in bed, she knows things that you didn't even know existed	discredit
Yeah, here I am again. Anyone else see at least 5-10 women today? Can't believe they were ALLOWED outside. Who do I complain to????	dominance
@femfreq Anita is equating gamergate to cosby and weinstein so she can equate herself to actual rape victims so she can keep playing the card	derailing
Calling guys immature doesn't make you any more mature. Ladies you need to find some other BS excuse for ditching us! #WomenSuck	discredit
I hate When girls don't wanna start anything cuz they don't wanna ruin your friendship I DIDNT WANNA BE FRIENDS FROM THE START #WomenSuck	discredit
I have no desire to even communicate with chicks that have bf's. You might as well be a rock cuz there's no point talking to you #WomenSuck	discredit
I wonder why girls even follow me. All I do is call you out on the sick shut you do to us guys #WomenSuck	discredit
not only r u fat and disgusting, but why do you feel the need to post photos of urself in a bikini. Who do you think ur fooling seabiscuit?	stereotype
Okay ladies look, nose rings are hot. But nose studs look like boogers and make you look like a dick chugging skank #WomenSuck	discredit
 @JWMofficial: You're wearing yoga pants to show off your ass. Don't give me this bull shit 'they're comfy!' we all know the truth ladies #ASS #ASS #ASS	sexual_harassment
The only reason girls go crawling back is because they're afraid they can't do any better... Which is probably true #WomenSuck	stereotype
When a girl just stops talking to you, don't sweat it guys you did nothing wrong. Girls are just stupid and don't ever know what they want.	discredit
When're I go to a wedding all I can think about is how many times the bride is going to get pounded after the wedding #HoneyMoonPoon	discredit
Woman that tell guys 'I just wanna be single for the summer.' are just trying to whore around. Don't come crying to us guys come Fall!	discredit
You don't go to parties with your significant other... You go to parties to try and get other peoples significant others #WomenSuck	discredit
What's the polite way to say, excuse me but I think I speak for everyone on the boat when I say I'd love to make a sloppy mess of your wife	sexual_harassment
Was getting elbowed by a triple chinned cunt with nails like a woman ont train Let a smelly fart out before moving… https://t.co/mAo0mdzGve	stereotype
@GMA Woman ,you husband was right to love his country more then you and died for it ! What a low life disrespectful cunt I think you are !!!	discredit
@ky11er almost everyone i’ve met says edating at all is being a slut or whore but jumping from person to person is definitely being one mate	derailing
not all men are trash. but if you always pick the ones who are trash, or treat you like trash, then ya you’ll learn to hate them for sure!	discredit
“One minute you’re a spooky little witch bitch and then the next you’re an angelic skank singing Oh Holy Night.” HAHA!	discredit
@ghostlydevin @loserwyattt i don’t want a loyal bitch i want a skank hoe who will suck another niggas dick in my be… https://t.co/mswJedEKXn	sexual_harassment
*In class today* *Girl next to me* 'I hate how every girl dressed like a skank for Halloween' *Guy in front of me turns* 'IT WAS AMAZING	discredit
@LoveHipHopVH1 Musika you are a awful person. You or Skank want to be ugly ho I don't know what the fuck you're wearing #LHHHReunion	discredit
Laying in my bed telling me not to suck your cock cause it smelled... we know why.. it was up some skanks arse before you came to mine	discredit
This town is going to change all right those old cunt bitches are right about that but they're not going to see the benefit of it	discredit
@qurbanov_zaur sup bitch yo be fuxking care ful i find out ur touching my man. ima find you. be scared whore be fuxking scared.	sexual_harassment
@FoxNews Don’t trust this lying bitch let’s see if any of the other nude women in the lineup come forward she’ll do… https://t.co/KrpL0mPkSL	discredit
Some dumb bitch really sat on a “black woman are bomb” page and said that black women are copying Kylie’s braids https://t.co/dBHB9fbx5d	discredit
Anyways the big boobed bitch was also a lowkey whore but nobody knew except our mutual friend who had also told me what she had done	discredit
It’s amazing how women with whore tendencies think they can solve a “God’s” cypher. You wish bitch! I bet those feet are like homeless toes!	discredit
To the women who’s just sold the house she’d agreed to sell to me, you’re a cunt. You can go to hell.	discredit
Fake rape bitch is still crying. LOL so upset he didn’t get the attention he wanted. Got your address btw little ra… https://t.co/Ukz71A9kWx	dominance
how u gonna talk about how men r trash and rape culture but u out here laughing abt a girl u hated in high school getting raped bitch fuck u	discredit
I never understood why anybody waits to say they got raped smh rape me bitch I’m snitching soon as you leave fuck boy	derailing
@forniaa 3rd, you are a fuckin BIRD you dumb bitch so what anytime you got drunk and had sex it was rape?! I'm sick of you feminazis	discredit
@HugginsDanna Wanna pull up this bitch panties rape her ass while she’s shouting trying to run away and finally I d… https://t.co/YjDLUie6fe	sexual_harassment
Rape charges isn’t the way to get revenge you fuckin dumb bitch 😂👌🏼 You gonna get ya self locked up . Ya boy GOT THE PLUG😜	derailing
@KeithOlbermann Hillary is stuck in her own anger for loosing she has always been evil, don't forget how she treated the women Bill rape	discredit
isnt it just fkn dyno when one of ur ‘best pals’ turns oot to b a wee snake like off u go slither back 2 ur hole ya sly cunt x	discredit
you ho's STILL not allowed to speak on eesh in my presence. i'll beat yo ass girl lol don't get it fucked up. 😂😊	dominance
An angry woman standing up4 human rights is 2 difficult to be worth loving. Men love pretty slave dolls who keep their mouth shut or on dick	dominance
If ya bitch ass didn’t wish me a happy Birthday then don’t ever hit me up again! You’re trash! Yes I am talking about you hoe! 👏🏼	discredit
next bitch that cheat on me getting pimped out, you wanna be a hoe bout shit so we gon make this money	sexual_harassment
A nigga can be like “good morning beautiful” and y’all hoes would screenshot and say “This nigga so creepy omg” bitch fuck you &your morning	discredit
I be curving ALL da hoes niggas try to put me on SOO much dat they don’t een tell me when a bitch want me no mo🤦🏽‍♂️😂😎	discredit
Let me show and prove it what these hoes ain’t doing, let a real bitch do it 😛	discredit
Hoes think just cause they don't reply it means there's no answer/no consequences. Lmao BITCH no reply means you guilty as shit 😂😂	discredit
@JustJared This trashy whore gold digger at again trying be something that makes her think shes good ughhh not happening hoe bag pos	discredit
Can’t even date or talk to a girl who is an attention whore on social media. What makes you think ima date or talk to a hoe in real life🐸🤣	discredit
Most women that Know me just said 'now eric you Know you dont have no inner hoe' 😂 im 2 much of a gentleman but i know my hoe is deep down	stereotype
rape is bad but alota hoes be lying bout that shit women are crazy dawg & will fuck ya life up be careful..	sexual_harassment
@EmmaSlutWatson oh you dirty bitch me and my friends are going to fuck all your holes till you can't take no more… https://t.co/zx8MJn5oJb	sexual_harassment
They say home is where the heart is. But I got a hole where my heart is because I let a whore where my heart is	discredit
There are good men out there women stop accepting ass holes that appear to be right.It is a excuse to turn lesbian cuz of a no good man.	stereotype
Loool I tried using my card abroad n the cunt hoe sket worker was like 'ur card declined maybe u dnt have enough' I… https://t.co/HmQoKmwtMu	discredit
@jellsoval You’re just a dumb little cunt who had an abortion to go be a hoe, and you eat your tampons tryna be “fe… https://t.co/UtFOtQ1C19	discredit
you know your women are stupid just like you're_ bitch please did i fuck you_ what importance do you have in my life_ are you retarded_ 😏🌹	discredit
Its a bitch who better get her some business forreal! How the fuck u gone feel entitled to somebody! Bitch u got blackballed & u gone stay blackballed! I ain't saving no hoe! U is not apart of my Spurs dreams! The woman u see on my page had on the San Antonio Spurs Warm up Jacket	dominance
@snapchatmypussy If you don't like the song bitch keep it moving hoe. You can't sing you can't do shit but suck dick bitch stfu you dumb white trash ass bitch	dominance
@DonaldJTrumpJr That skank looks good on your arm. You been dating your mom long? She needs to start thinking about some Botox or maybe a full facelift. Lying does that to you!	discredit
@Lauren_Southern You're just a skank and everyone knows it otherwise you wouldn't be making excuses for not settling down whilst hanging out with multiple different guys.	discredit
I will always love you & Ken though @LisaVanderpump I really admire you & feel like a mother tiger with you! I could of jumped through the TV when that skank slapped your face! That upset me! A lot!!!	discredit
you ready baby ? ~ Im going to fuck you and your sister like till both of you pussy is filled and leaking with my cum	sexual_harassment
@KatiePrice How are they trying to destroy you? You missed your 4 kids first day at school to skank about topless with yet another man. Disgraceful. The kids are better off with their dads where theyre happy, safe & have a stable, loving home...	stereotype
@laurenarankin Ben Sasse is 100% correct. Since 1973, all Ive EVER heard every two years for elections are hysterical women (all a Leftist act) about Back-Alley abortions. This shit is getting old! I didnt hear one other protest issue being yelled about i	stereotype
Left the WH dead broke, but were able to buy 2 million dollar homes and buy their Skank daughter a $10 million dollar apartment. Boy, would I love to see those loan applications and bank statements. Can you smell bank fraud and tax shenanigans? #tcot #maga	discredit
How is it that no law enforcement entity finds it odd that you can leave the WH dead broke and then buy your Skank daughter a $10 million apartment and pay for a $3 million wedding. Have the Clintons ever gone back to Haiti??? #maga #tcot	discredit
Dont you realize youre only making my cock harder with your constant whining, you stupid little bitch? God, your pussy feels so tight when I choke you. I think I might just fill your pussy up right now so you never forget about this day.	sexual_harassment
If youre dating a baby daddy before you call the baby mama bitter go talk to her yourself OR just the stfu and mind your business bc you know damn well that nigga gone lie just to get some pussy and play victim. Idc.	dominance
I dont understand who work so hard at sex work. They are so nuts about having sex even in the situation at work. Huh? Youre just another bitch working at the same store. Furthermore, you cant do anything what you are needed and have to. Die bitch die.	sexual_harassment
@LindseyGrahamSC @BarackObama @realDonaldTrump Way to have some balls and talk shit like this after McCain no longer around. You know he would have told you to stfu. Pussy!	sexual_harassment
I wouldn't have done anything if you didn't express any interest THE BITCH WAS 12 YOU MOTHER FUCKING CUNT. HE REALLY IS TRYING TO JUSTIFY HIMSELD..THIS IS EXACTLY WHY HE SHOULDN'T HAVE BEEN RELEASED	discredit
@CNNPolitics @FLOTUS , you don't have to be a skank anymore. He, the skunk, done you wrong. Someone standing up and exposing your philandering immoral husband is a hero @nytimes @NBCNews	discredit
@MissSarah_Jay This is not a concern which is based on any statistical evidence or fact. If we want to discourage men from raping women, maybe actually seriously prosecute them. Because even if you could stop men from pretending to be women to rape women 	derailing
One of the biggest reason I never wanted to come out to my friends was bc I was afraid theyll think I have crush on them when Im just being a decent human being so I call them stupid bitch and a fucking hoe everytime I see them	discredit
@MarshaBlackburn PS - take off that picture-any picture of you makes me want to puke! Any women that would side with Trump is not for any woman or their rights that they should have. You are just another lying Skank GOP white piece of trash! Your commerci	discredit
Everyone calls u btch, and u don't like it? Bitch like whaaat?! Who wouldnt be called bitch u wore like a whore waiting for someone to dig their dick so stfu barbie yo' nigga disagree!	stereotype
@jalenramsey Lmfao shut the fuck up with your Brentwood Academy havin ass. Yall have one of the worst QBs in the league as far as TD/INT ratio go but you hate on every other quarterback.... Sit your pussy ass down and get swept by the Titans again.	dominance
@onnyssaaa well stfu then BITCH you coming to some yeen got NO BUSINESS being in. You need to mind the business that pays you hoe	dominance
@tgirlmiller @realDonaldTrump Are you just upset that nobody is grabbing your skank pussy since trumps election is over. Youre an ugly gross old hag and youre also a racist pig and I hope all your children are black	stereotype
There's a stupid woman on YouTube doing a spirit box saying the most horrendous insensitive things to the 'ghost' of Shan. The silly skank would be conversing with demons and she ain't got cross or nothing to counteract it. And I'm glad leave Shan alone.	discredit
@LindseyGrahamSC @BarackObama @realDonaldTrump Yea, I dont think so asshole . I think your a pussy who has gone corrupt if you werent before , treasonous if you werent already . You were NEVER John McCain's friend . You were never a friend to America . Yo	discredit
Love seeing how girls publicly compliment each other "Oh wow. Stunnerz. Bae"And in the same breath send private texts to their friends saying the same person is an "insta-whore / attention whore / D-craving attention seeking skank with dumb shoes"Hilarious#MoreThanTwoFaces	discredit
I never been with a girl as big as you pussy be beating hard on this dick bet Cool hopefully you can find a girl my size that would want to go down on ya	sexual_harassment
@EmilyKnoxxxx YOU ALWAYS HAVE MY DICK. ONCE YOU START USING MINE AND YOU WILL NEVER FEEL YOU PUSSY IS EMPTY AND ONCE YOUR PUSSY STARTS TASTING MY DICK IT WILL NOT ACCEPT OTHER DICK, IT WILL DIE TO HAVE MINE ALL THE TIME. FUCK U BABY	sexual_harassment
I usually dont hate people but I actually hate that bitch. You tried to be friends with me outside of work and then when I had a crisis you decided to be professional and use that against me. Thats the worst type of person. Fucking cunt will get hers though.	discredit
mfs never listen to why you feel how you feel but quick to blame you for it bitch you dont even know wtf was wrong jus stfu dumb ass hoe	sexual_harassment
first goes to bitch ass janelle. FUCK YOU MESSY MF ASS BITCH i literally was on a call with her and her dumb ass twisted my words and ran to tattle on me to ari. like it legit made her pussy wet to go and talk shit abt me so fuck u ill come beat ur ass thats why u stole a listers	sexual_harassment
Im sorry, but this generation of females have no self respect. The internet shouldnt know when youre horny, wet, how good you pussy is & etc. & Yall wonder why these boys treat yall like hoes ! Praying for this generation	discredit
bitch if you dont shut the fuck up and stop acting like the us isnt responsible for the repressive and brutal society that became afghanistan - theres pics of my gma in miniskirts in the 70s in iran, another country destabilized and vilified to drive american profit	dominance
@AnguloCrystal @Zanderjmurphy @juliabusch_ i dont give a fuck if you started the tweets or if katelyn did. either way you were talking shit to katelyn so i joined this shit bc shes my friend. thats what my point was so shut the fuck up youre a nasty bitch	discredit
Not enough thousands and thousands@ Angria to get you elected!!!! YOU LOST!!! Youre like Hilary Clinton..spoiled petulant and entitled...stfu	dominance
@LoriCoutler @txdianemaga People in Eu & the US dont seem 2understand that the Muslim refugees coming from the Middle East r very poor, uneducated, &have no respect for women, children or animals.They do what was ok in their country ie rape women, childre	derailing
@ziadwaeladawy Now people want to attack eminem because hes older and they think hes garbage. People have the balls to talk shit now because they think revival is weak and whack but BOYY! Why didnt you pussy fucks respond back then? Scared to get bodied? 	derailing
Ladies want a task for your to do list today? quit talkin to scared lil bitch ass dudes... Some of y'all need to respect yourself enough to tell them to figure shit out & either man up or stfu. Real women ain't got time for that shit! #realtalk -Cardi B	stereotype
@tamairaajohnson @Laquondanesia @victooooria09 bitch if only you really wanted all the smoke like yall said yall did. stfu dumb ass hoe, you done said bye 15!times but wanna claim you not retarded, BYE BITCH	dominance
@TheOnlyBalenci Stfu nigga you a fake stealing peoples name for clout how do you feel goofy bitch... Go ahead and block me pussy you will have more comments coming	sexual_harassment
fuck you hoe you ugly anyways I was just trynna see what that pum pum like Twanny said it make noises, skank ass hoe says the Nigga that had no chance	discredit
@AnnCoulter What are you worried you are about to lose the crown for Most Hysterical Woman of the decade? Good for them. They are the only ones who are trying to save America while you keep making money off of her by using her. You are the BIGGEST BITCH!!	discredit
@Fashir @jillciminillo I read fine, and likely better than you given my experience. She's an hysterical woman looking for attention and trying to make some sort of issue out of two things that have nothing to do with each other. It's a tennis match. Do yo	stereotype
@Gbaby_5 @collinscody01 @mandaxxbaby @AnoopJo64686365 @savagedewd @YoooooAdrienne Suck these big balls instead you pussy. I would fight you anywhere anyway if you have the balls to step in. Come to Singapore we can sparr there kid.	sexual_harassment
@ajamubaraka Never mind the contempt that the DNC has for its base, giving the nomination to Hillary instead of Bernie, and the contempt Hillary has for the masses calling them "deplorable" and claiming women are stupid and voted how their husbands told t	discredit
niggas want you to ride the dick, choke and die for 30 seconds on the dick, juggle on it, gargle their balls like mouthwash, and control you vaginal walls like youre squeezing a stress ball all for them to give you no type of orgasm. goodnight!	dominance
Look, lady who needs a therapistI know you love when men choke and slap the shit out of you till you cum but not all of us like that. Go put some aloe on that banged up ass of yours and stay off my TL, darlin.	stereotype
Wow, Stupid is as Stupidity does These stupid women are stupid Yet, if they are doing this for Trump I hope he is paying them $15,000 per month to talk,rape and act a fool for him @DiamondandSilk IdIots, Yea you two	discredit
@lisastark351 @budyluvv Shes the kind of skank you dont want to see when the lights come on at closing time ,along with Melania and Ivanka Russian skanks	discredit
@CliffShep @MiaFarrow @realDonaldTrump Shut the fuck up cunt if you actually like Donald trump than you can suck a dick. He is terrible and you are blinded just because of his MONEY!! people dont like cunts bitch	dominance
@realDonaldTrump Your followers might not know it but God knows (or whoever is in charge) what kind of lying monster you are. Don't think because you have that skank Paula White by your side that you won't go down in flames.	discredit
@BlackInkChi @VH1 Lily doesnt know the meaning of Loyal. Shes a hothead alcoholic, mad cuz Jr dismissed her, So she runnin to kiss Ryan Ass! Bye Felicia, & take that skank ass Art thief that YOU hired Out the fuck as well!	discredit
!@elenakoshkaxoxo will do anything to be a member of your guild, you can use her up, she loves to choke on cocks and her pussy stays wet all day! Your mission is to prove that you are a sword slinger !	sexual_harassment
@ChukaUmunna @UKLabour @gavinshuker @joanryanEnfield You are a pussy... stand up or shut up... put youre head above the parapet & make a stance or keep taking the MP wage & STFU x	dominance
bitch stfu yall call angela an ice queen but then say oh sure angelas the mean one you can say this shit and still recognize angela being a whole bitch	dominance
Yes Brooke! Give that bitch the hell she deserves. I knew it would take her to slap that skank down. #BoldandBeautiful	dominance
@reneejess0205 @ColbyCovMMA The skank that looks like half man and half IT actually has the nerve to make fun of someone else's looks?!?! I can't make your kind of stupid or ugly up. Looks like your surgery was a success, congrats, dude. BTW, why do you f	stereotype
@KeelieSturm @CBCNews Muhhhhh privilege? Excuse me? IM OFFENDED!! HATE SPEECH!!! But of course you dont see the slippery slope.And yes, the made up arbitrary term hate speech is free speech. If you choose to get offended by shit, I suggest you get a backb	discredit
if ever a skank tries to make fun of you, tell her to suck dick she'll magically turn into a hoe and grab the nearest dick within her perimeter	stereotype
@tannerofhides @minimaslany Not to mention that book Claire didn't stay in the kitchen either so the women clearly doesn't know what she's talking about. However yes so much more to women than doing the cooking, cleaning etc.	stereotype
@TomiLahren Were out in huge numbers and I can say thank you to this skank and who she represents. I wasnt involved until I saw this illiterate hooker and her pimp try to influence others. No ones walking away republican barbie. But those anal warts wont 	discredit
@SaamaanthaaJune @__chelsearenee_ @AverisDope samantha why dont you just shut the fuck up and mind your own damn business. this whole situation HAS NOTHING to do with you, so why you out here running your fat mouth? if she wanted to sell her pussy she wou	sexual_harassment
HRC is taking long walks in the woods again. Its sinking in how incompetent and void of solutions she was. She stacked the deck and got her fat butt kicked. What a worthless, pathetic Skank this woman is. #maga #tcot	discredit
Oh please stfu. No one cares Susan you told everyone Hillary was worse than trump you no longer get to tell us anything	dominance
STFU SUSAN. Oh yes, PLEASE lets give Trump CREDIT. I mean how else are you able to walk out on the street. Convince yourself that that this CATASTROPHE of a President who you said was better that HRC IS NOT ripping children away from parents seeking asylum, holding children	dominance
IDC IF YOU FAT OR SKINNY BITCH IF YOU DONT SAY EXCUSE ME, IM NOT MOVING MY CHAIR. FUCK U HOE	discredit
@kimguilfoyle Does it bother you that Jrs kids look at you and think. So thats the skank who had daddys dick in his mouth while he was married to mommy. She is disgusting. You know they think it.	discredit
You don't like Nigerian men. We get it. Go and marry your American or British men. Any small thing, Nigerian men this, Nigerian men that.You're not being a feminist. You're being a man-hating-cretin and it all stems from blowbacks from your greed and bad taste in men. STFU.	discredit
@pahubb43 Worst thing is if they are that stupid to think he, all by himself, can roll back Roe v Wade then they really need to educate themselves on how SCOTUS works. They are probably being paid like the other hysterical women.	stereotype
@Sexyarse69 First ima smack that ass then eat that pussy from the back then wrap your hair around my hand while I choke you and slide in slow and long strokes tease u then start pounding that pussy	sexual_harassment
When Im Eating Pussy For My Pleasure I dont Care if You Nut 8 Times , Smack me in the Head , Run Away, Smash my Head With yo legs , or Cry. IF IM NOT FINISH Bitch Im Not Finish Now Stfu and stop crying	dominance
Yall STAY making post about the LGBT community. You quoted my tweet and started bitching like the insecure little brat you are shut the fuck up and go cry to your mommy. I dont give a fuck about what you have to say.	dominance
People tryna use #BPD and say promiscuity is a symptom No bitch its called being a slut, youre trying to excuse why you got caught cheating and broke up you fucking hoe	discredit
Last RT is brilliant someone had replied onto a thread of Claire saying they didn't like "tv claire" an that she needs to stay in the kitchen to cook for Jamie. Stfu bitch.	stereotype
Emily Does vagina had dirt, gravel and pine needles in it after Brock turned raped her while she laid unconscious on the ground. You dont want women to prove they were raped, you want them to accept it and shut the fuck up.	dominance
@6uried @Stylez_Mj @KaneForeign I dont give a fuck weirdo, them shit ugly. You pussy, yuh mothers dirty, and we not friends. Suck my dick you can have the last word	sexual_harassment
@_EraX_ da fuck, you said if someone calls you hot 1 more time , you are gonna suck their dick, so do it you pussy, don't back off now	sexual_harassment
Bitch stfu? I didnt asked you something, dumbass hoe? And obsessed? Shut you dirty ass, cause we all know esme was so obsessed with me that she keeped subtweeting about me LOOOOOOOOL	dominance
@KamalaHarris You're a joke Kammy. You couldn't hold Justice Kavanaugh's briefs. Trying to fund raise from the brain dead sheep, regarding a confirmation you can't stop. Race baiting Marxist skank that you are.	discredit
@MoncaMonii I would enjoy standing back to watch you suck cocks and swallow huge loads of cum, while you're helpless. As you suck each cock I'll finger your pussy until you cum, while you choke on cocks and cum! When I do take you home, you'll be exhauste	sexual_harassment
@Mama_Bridgie This Meadowlands mama is just a "pity party" you gonna stop using a taxi coz some skank called you fat?	discredit
Yeah I can't wait till y'all all shut the fuck up about it. Trumps a moron Hillary is a cunt Berney is a fuckin douche they are politicians no matter what one sides gonna bitch and think they hold the moral high ground but guess what we are all the same and most don't give a fuck	discredit
Just because I fuck u raw while tongue kissing you drop all my hoes meet your family eat yo pussy from the backand tell you I love you don't mean u my Itch #OnGod	dominance
.@FLOTUS, I didn't hear you saying anything when you husband was talking about grabbing women by the pussy. That's ok tho? Go play in the garden in your stilettos and stfu!	dominance
Brown Nose Nikki, You were silent when Donnie talked about his PUSSY GRABBING, You were silent when he call black countries SHIT HOLES, you were silent when he spewed his RACIST VITRIOL, you were silent about CHARLOTTSVILLE. I can go on and on....SO STFU!	dominance
@AngelaBelcamino This just in. Many are saying Trump now at 155% in the polls. Yuge deal, that I can tell you! Witch hunt over. Trump innocent. Crooked Hillary voted ugliest skank of the Decade! Bigly! Trump steaks melt in your mouth like I did Stormy I m	discredit
@Alyssa_Milano @SenateDems Hi @Alyssa_Milano. Is there a way to get the ladies to stop shouting out during the hearing? It's having the opposite of the desired effect. I love the silent handmaids. But screaming hysterical women is just insulting to the ca	stereotype
Stupid dumb bitch I hate stupid dumb bitches Like stfu You dumb ass hoe Im so angry That youre dumb and stupid You make no sense Look at you talk out of your mouth Lmaoo BITCH you mad ignorant Be quiet bc you embarass yourself Sorry youre right i am less intelligent	dominance
@USATODAY Shaddup you skank ass immigrant HO, who did you steal that statement from Michelle ... AGAIN ?!? WTF would you know about OUR country, you haven't been here long enough to start that BULL SHIT !!	dominance
For crying out loud, Ivanka! STFU you ignorant, grifting, kunt! You pretend to care about women? What about the mothers of the children your father's administration are imprisoning! What about Kavanaugh?	dominance
My grandmother was a maid. Those were the only gigs avaliable to dark skinned women in the very early 1900s. Through her skil set she became a top home economics professional for Chicago wealthy whites. Sent my pops to Unv Chicago, aunt to northwestern. Stfu lil bitch.	discredit
Yes I have a job And I'm pretty damn sure u dont make remotely close to what I make a week working 25 hours than what u make working 80 hours so shut the fuck up. I clearly said on the thread I had time yesterday....whore	dominance
Oh dear, Melania strutting her political thang with fact Contradict her husband and that she should just stay in the kitchen, barefoot and pregnant like Trump wishes we all could return to. The wife should be seen but not heard. Just like in the 50s	stereotype
