This bitch is stupid af. Forcing me to wake up my residents. Like wtf not like I was sitting not doing shit I was doing shit. Stupid ass. ANGER ON PARTICULAR PERSON
@laurenarankin Ben Sasse is 100% correct. Since 1973, all Ive EVER heard every two years for elections are hysterical women (all a Leftist act) about Back-Alley abortions. This shit is getting old! I didnt hear one other protest issue being yelled about i ОБЕСЦЕНИВАНИЕ
you know your women are stupid just like you're_ bitch please did i fuck you_ what importance do you have in my life_ are you retarded_ 😏🌹 Stereotype/insult
Some dumb bitch really sat on a “black woman are bomb” page and said that black women are copying Kylie’s braids https://t.co/dBHB9fbx5d DISCREDIT
My bitch so bad that I don’t even go to sleep!! Pussy so good it make you wanna buy a ring #Guwop  DEHUMANISATION
Calling guys immature doesn't make you any more mature. Ladies you need to find some other BS excuse for ditching us! #WomenSuck THROLLING
@ghostlydevin @loserwyattt i don’t want a loyal bitch i want a skank hoe who will suck another niggas dick in my be… https://t.co/mswJedEKXn SEX
Wow, Stupid is as Stupidity does These stupid women are stupid Yet, if they are doing this for Trump I hope he is paying them $15,000 per month to talk,rape and act a fool for him @DiamondandSilk IdIots, Yea you two DISCREDIT
Hoes think just cause they don't reply it means there's no answer/no consequences. Lmao BITCH no reply means you guilty as shit 😂😂  DISCREDIT ANGRY BECAUSE HE IS IGNORED INSULT
Good morning sweet peeps! Woke up to see that Gini blocked me! Her lost the stupid bitch! Have a good day all! I know I will! 🤗😘💕🌠💖 ANGRY BECAUSE HE IS IGNORED INSULT
@E_flee25 Yo this bitch is blowing my shit 😑fr talking bout I'm trying to talk to her girl shawty won't even show her face . BEING IGNORED AGAIN?
Yeah I can't wait till y'all all shut the fuck up about it. Trumps a moron Hillary is a cunt Berney is a fuckin douche they are politicians no matter what one sides gonna bitch and think they hold the moral high ground but guess what we are all the same and most don't give a fuck  ? MORE LIKE HATENESS TO ALL POLITICS?
isnt it just fkn dyno when one of ur ‘best pals’ turns oot to b a wee snake like off u go slither back 2 ur hole ya sly cunt x  INSULT?
Donald- you stupid bitch Hillary- you fuckin buffoon Donald- think they believe we hate each other? Ah fuck it lets go get a drink https://t.co/bbx98NCySX I DON'T THINK IT IS REALLY MISOGYNY
@LoriCoutler @txdianemaga People in Eu & the US dont seem 2understand that the Muslim refugees coming from the Middle East r very poor, uneducated, &have no respect for women, children or animals.They do what was ok in their country ie rape women, childre.  NOT MYSOGYNY. AGRESSION TO REFUGEES
I gotta stop posting about not wearing condoms cause these bitches is startin to make me wear condoms DOMINANCE? INSULT? 
STFU SUSAN. Oh yes, PLEASE lets give Trump CREDIT. I mean how else are you able to walk out on the street. Convince yourself that that this CATASTROPHE of a President who you said was better that HRC IS NOT ripping children away from parents seeking asylum, holding children. DOMINANCE?
@Sexyarse69 First ima smack that ass then eat that pussy from the back then wrap your hair around my hand while I choke you and slide in slow and long strokes tease u then start pounding that pussy SEX
@forniaa 3rd, you are a fuckin BIRD you dumb bitch so what anytime you got drunk and had sex it was rape?! I'm sick of you feminazis ОПРАВДАНИЕ НАСИЛИЯ, ОСКОРБЛЕНИЕ	
@CNNPolitics @FLOTUS , you don't have to be a skank anymore. He, the skunk, done you wrong. Someone standing up and exposing your philandering immoral husband is a hero @nytimes @NBCNews INSULT
One of the biggest reason I never wanted to come out to my friends was bc I was afraid theyll think I have crush on them when Im just being a decent human being so I call them stupid bitch and a fucking hoe everytime I see them INSULT/STEREOTYPE
@femfreq Anita is equating gamergate to cosby and weinstein so she can equate herself to actual rape victims so she can keep playing the card DISCREDIT
Fake rape bitch is still crying. LOL so upset he didn’t get the attention he wanted. Got your address btw little ra… https://t.co/Ukz71A9kWx  DIRECTS HATE EXPRESSION
I never understood why anybody waits to say they got raped smh rape me bitch I’m snitching soon as you leave fuck boy ОБЕСЦЕНИВАНИЕ
Dont you realize youre only making my cock harder with your constant whining, you stupid little bitch? God, your pussy feels so tight when I choke you. I think I might just fill your pussy up right now so you never forget about this day. SEX, THREAT, VIOLENCE PROPAGANDA
so my Chloe don't want to see me win she unfollowed because I made a post i HIT 100 FOLLOWERS and then she unfollowed me bitch fuck u whore ANGER BEING IGNORED  
@lisastark351 @budyluvv Shes the kind of skank you dont want to see when the lights come on at closing time ,along with Melania and Ivanka Russian skanks   STEREOTYPE? PERSONAL INSULT
wow that bitch is tweeting hard like her 'good heart' makes it look like she wasn't involved in the coverup- everybody knows she's a ho!  DISCREDIT
whoever hit my sister’s car then drove off last night you are a broke ass bitch and we about to catch ur stupid ass enjoy that hit and run 🌚 MIGHT NOT BE MISOGYNY
@onnyssaaa well stfu then BITCH you coming to some yeen got NO BUSINESS being in. You need to mind the business that pays you hoe INSULT
@KatiePrice How are they trying to destroy you? You missed your 4 kids first day at school to skank about topless with yet another man. Disgraceful. The kids are better off with their dads where theyre happy, safe & have a stable, loving home... SLUTSHAMING
Last RT is brilliant someone had replied onto a thread of Claire saying they didn't like "tv claire" an that she needs to stay in the kitchen to cook for Jamie. Stfu bitch.  DOMINANCE/STEREOTYPE
I just wanna know why the girl dont like me 😭😂 What I ever do to you hoe? Other than give you rides and be nice to you 😂🤦🏻‍♀️ Hating ass hoe. COMPLAINT/ANGER
@MarshaBlackburn PS - take off that picture-any picture of you makes me want to puke! Any women that would side with Trump is not for any woman or their rights that they should have. You are just another lying Skank GOP white piece of trash! Your commerci. DISCREDIT
 @Akhdre_: "You too skinny, imma hurt you" Girl  if you don't shut the fuck up and ride this dick. Imma be aight. I got Obamacare." ? SACRASM SEX
When Im Eating Pussy For My Pleasure I dont Care if You Nut 8 Times , Smack me in the Head , Run Away, Smash my Head With yo legs , or Cry. IF IM NOT FINISH Bitch Im Not Finish Now Stfu and stop crying SEX
Okay ladies look, nose rings are hot. But nose studs look like boogers and make you look like a dick chugging skank #WomenSuck. CONTROL
@MissSarah_Jay This is not a concern which is based on any statistical evidence or fact. If we want to discourage men from raping women, maybe actually seriously prosecute them. Because even if you could stop men from pretending to be women to rape women  NOT MISOGYNY
@pahubb43 Worst thing is if they are that stupid to think he, all by himself, can roll back Roe v Wade then they really need to educate themselves on how SCOTUS works. They are probably being paid like the other hysterical women. DISCREDIT
Bitches fav line is “Am I supposed to be scared?” Listen here lil bitch you don’t have to be scared to get your ass beat. So wassup😊 INSULT/THORLLING
@ajamubaraka Never mind the contempt that the DNC has for its base, giving the nomination to Hillary instead of Bernie, and the contempt Hillary has for the masses calling them "deplorable" and claiming women are stupid and voted how their husbands told t. CITATION
Oh please stfu. No one cares Susan you told everyone Hillary was worse than trump you no longer get to tell us anything.  DOMINANCE 
Yall STAY making post about the LGBT community. You quoted my tweet and started bitching like the insecure little brat you are shut the fuck up and go cry to your mommy. I dont give a fuck about what you have to say. DOMINANCE/SILENCING
bitch if you dont shut the fuck up and stop acting like the us isnt responsible for the repressive and brutal society that became Afghanistan - theres pics of my gma in miniskirts in the 70s in iran, another country destabilized and vilified to drive american profit ? 
@LoveHipHopVH1 Musika you are a awful person. You or Skank want to be ugly ho I don't know what the fuck you're wearing #LHHHReunion. DISCREDIT/INSULT
Laying in my bed telling me not to suck your cock cause it smelled... we know why.. it was up some skanks arse before you came to mine DISCREDIT/INSULT
@reneejess0205 @ColbyCovMMA The skank that looks like half man and half IT actually has the nerve to make fun of someone else's looks?!?! I can't make your kind of stupid or ugly up. Looks like your surgery was a success, congrats, dude. BTW, why do you f. DISCREDIT/INSULT
if ever a skank tries to make fun of you, tell her to suck dick she'll magically turn into a hoe and grab the nearest dick within her perimeter.  DISCREDIT/INSULT/DEHUMANIZATION
People tryna use #BPD and say promiscuity is a symptom No bitch its called being a slut, youre trying to excuse why you got caught cheating and broke up you fucking hoe SLUTSHAMING
@AngelaBelcamino This just in. Many are saying Trump now at 155% in the polls. Yuge deal, that I can tell you! Witch hunt over. Trump innocent. Crooked Hillary voted ugliest skank of the Decade! Bigly! Trump steaks melt in your mouth like I did Stormy I m.   DISCREDIT/INSULT
