Number of tweets 190 
Dominance: 38, share 0.2 
Sexual Harassment: 34, share 0.17894736842105263 
Derailing: 10, share 0.05263157894736842 
Discredit: 72, share 0.37894736842105264 
Stereotype: 36, share 0.18947368421052632 
 @Akhdre_: "You too skinny, imma hurt you" Girl  if you don't shut the fuck up and ride this dick. Imma be aight. I got Obamacare."	sexual_harassment
ALSO... still laughing at this bitch that my friend Chef brought to DirtyBird... LIKE NO ONE WANTED YOU THERE HOE JUST SO YOU KNOW 😹🤷‍♀️	discredit
...............................'I get to rape beautiful women and that's why I like working on this project.'	sexual_harassment
This bitch is stupid af. Forcing me to wake up my residents. Like wtf not like I was sitting not doing shit I was doing shit. Stupid ass.	discredit
Donald- you stupid bitch Hillary- you fuckin buffoon Donald- think they believe we hate each other? Ah fuck it lets go get a drink https://t.co/bbx98NCySX	discredit
You mother fucking piece of trash stupid fucking idiot hoe i hope you fucking die in hell son of a father fucking fuck bitch whore you fucki	sexual_harassment
@wutangela then you bitch m complain when you get them haha stop being a little bitch and just accept what you are, you filthy whore 😎	discredit
@ABC Women dont use their pussy to manipulate men... Women are saints .. cock riders bitches but saints ... LOLLLL	discredit
You are a major Prick! No woman should ever be made to feel scared like that. But fuck you... you didn't ruin my day! Cunt!	sexual_harassment
Katie - You are a toxic bitch and will always be one. You got your way. I am going to be fired again anyways. You toxic bitch.	stereotype
I'm just over here laughing at how this little ol' white girl came at Sam and thought she was gonna win... LIKE BITCH DO YOU KNOW WHO WE ARE	dominance
“What’s wrong you pathetic little slut, can’t take much of daddy’s cock like you thought you did? Can you?”	dominance
@lmchristi1 It's a nice butt. But I didn't think you were a slut. I thought you might be a 300 lb man tweeting in your stained wife beater. 👊🏻	stereotype
I just wanna know why the girl dont like me 😭😂 What I ever do to you hoe? Other than give you rides and be nice to you 😂🤦🏻‍♀️ Hating ass hoe	dominance
@imogenhowson LOL, you do dress like a slut :-) you look excellent.It entertains me that you have the slutty dressing covered while I do the slutty acting	derailing
dumbass: why don't women come forward about sexual assault? [women come forward] dumbass: WHORE! LIAR! WHAT WERE YOU WEARING? YOU PROBABLY ASKED FOR IT! dumbass: just don't understand why women don't come forward?	derailing
Idk what feminists are pissed about.. You get free access to our wallets and all you have to do in return is cook and suck our weiners.	stereotype
Powerful men in Hollywood have been preying on women because that's how lots of men are built ... so says Dick Wolf. https://t.co/fgPOxN8O0f	dominance
Can’t help if i want to body slam you cause you’re a dumb bitch. Yeaaaa, I remember you rude customer. Spotted at the gym. 😡	sexual_harassment
I don't know what it is sleep anymore. You are always on my mind. When my cock is hard like that, i wish i was hug you, feel your ass	sexual_harassment
@KellyannePolls @POTUS You nasty ugly whore!!! No one cares what you think and #THEBIGDUMP only sucks black dick now so stop trying to suck #donthecon dick. 🖕🖕🖕🖕💩💩	sexual_harassment
Thanks for the heads up. I was about to go down my local to rape and harass some women but now I know I might be on The List...NO CHANCE. https://t.co/M1QSykwaAH	sexual_harassment
Only a hoe would say some stupid shit like that. lol “pull your daddy and make you my stepson” I’ve heard it all now lmao https://t.co/jp7YpVNr9U	sexual_harassment
Bitches fav line is “Am I supposed to be scared?” Listen here lil bitch you don’t have to be scared to get your ass beat. So wassup😊	sexual_harassment
Your girl is a hoe, you need to let go She fucked a... — You sent this a few months ago. I just now got to i... https://t.co/cvnV1f6fcF	sexual_harassment
I just want you to be my girlfriend without being my 'girlfriend' so I can fuck other people and you can't... Is that too much to ask?	sexual_harassment
Most women just want to be ravaged... But sadly most of these men don't know what that means and wouldn't know where to begin...	sexual_harassment
@rawideasinc @Impeach_D_Trump Maybe #karma will eliminate the problem..she‘s known to be a bitch. If you hear me Karma..sure be sweet if you gave Mueller iron clad proof.	discredit
@Keguro_ The women act like they don't have options. Yet dick is all over. When women realize there is EXCESS men is when they stop putting up trash.	discredit
Good morning sweet peeps! Woke up to see that Gini blocked me! Her lost the stupid bitch! Have a good day all! I know I will! 🤗😘💕🌠💖	discredit
Bitches be havin no education,no job,no house and still got the nerves to say all these niqqas want is pussy buh bitch WTF!! do yo hav?😂😂😂	discredit
He was being nice and cool. You were Being an attention whore. Next time explicitly say you’re not interested instead of flexing for Twitter https://t.co/96IJ7u0IjA	discredit
@HillaryClinton 'a cold, conniving bitch' and a lesbian... sorta explains why married women voted AGAINST YOU... SCHADENFREUDE reigns https://t.co/oJ5OCMtBuy	discredit
Hoes ain't shit I'll die happy lonely..... Kuz I'll be damn if I trust another bitch who don't make her own money.......	discredit
Only a goofy bitch calls to tell you some violent ass shit a child wants to do with you cause of something their toxic ass said. Dumb hoe	discredit
@BaconNSquats “Big slut” is the new “Hottie McHotterson”. It’s a compliment. I’ve always thought you looked like a big slut, boo! 😘	discredit
Let me tell yall sum...yall barbz who fucking wit my sis @NICKISDAUGHTER_ Come talk to me bitch cause i will pull up on a hoe...	discredit
Like for one bitch you ain’t never let me not any nigga I know fuck u been a paid hoe and you didn’t get the $200 in Miami butch drown	discredit
This is when a guy says something like “I don’t want to date a hoe” n a woman responds with “But you n your sister got different daddies” bitch so...still not dating a hoe lol https://t.co/sMQcWdZnRL	discredit
If she's over 18 and owns anything Hello Kitty.... Get that bitch in bed, she knows things that you didn't even know existed	discredit
@ibthatdood It's the nature of women to want to be guided by a strong man. Hysterical go -girl feminist types are fi… https://t.co/mpxW7kyBp1	dominance
@willsbug @Gregco5088 Fuck all to do wae him it..and I just can't be annoyed with hysterical mong women who talk sh… https://t.co/k9rwbRUmSE	discredit
cringemuch .When women get panicked&start getting hysterical when having a standard delivery. Everyone knows save energy,focus&push.	stereotype
@MsBlaireWhite Just watched the video, I thought Candace’s behaviour was shocking. The woman is hysterical, you did well Blaire.	stereotype
Yeah, here I am again. Anyone else see at least 5-10 women today? Can't believe they were ALLOWED outside. Who do I complain to????	dominance
Dick em Dick em DOWN...DOWN...DOWN... I'll dick a bitch DOWN...DOWN...DOWN...	sexual_harassment
There is soo much shit I have to say about how fucked up those creatures with vaginas are. But words can't even explain......	stereotype
When a girl just stops talking to you, don't sweat it guys you did nothing wrong. Girls are just stupid and don't ever know what they want.	discredit
Woman that tell guys 'I just wanna be single for the summer.' are just trying to whore around. Don't come crying to us guys come Fall!	discredit
You don't go to parties with your significant other... You go to parties to try and get other peoples significant others #WomenSuck	discredit
not all men are trash. but if you always pick the ones who are trash, or treat you like trash, then ya you’ll learn to hate them for sure!	discredit
MegynKelly is skank. Whore paid $$ for what? Only thing left to watch on .@nbc anymore is SNL. More truth to them t… https://t.co/Z6ZJWR2N0V	discredit
@LoveHipHopVH1 Musika you are a awful person. You or Skank want to be ugly ho I don't know what the fuck you're wearing #LHHHReunion	discredit
Laying in my bed telling me not to suck your cock cause it smelled... we know why.. it was up some skanks arse before you came to mine	discredit
WHO.. ARE. YOOUU? This is not mario kart. You are no princess peach. Get your skank ass up out my lane or I take you off the goddamn road.	dominance
It’s hysterical how much you bitch and complain over something so stupid. Don’t have to catch an attitude every 5 fuckin seconds.	stereotype
Bitches better stop wearing bonnets in public. Put a fucking hat on if you’re a lazy cunt like me. That’s what I do.	discredit
@qurbanov_zaur sup bitch yo be fuxking care ful i find out ur touching my man. ima find you. be scared whore be fuxking scared.	sexual_harassment
fucking take that stupid bitch FILTHY whore nobody will love you fuck you idgaf if ur pregnant ill kill u go ahead call the cops nobody wi	sexual_harassment
@FoxNews Don’t trust this lying bitch let’s see if any of the other nude women in the lineup come forward she’ll do… https://t.co/KrpL0mPkSL	discredit
Some dumb bitch really sat on a “black woman are bomb” page and said that black women are copying Kylie’s braids https://t.co/dBHB9fbx5d	discredit
@keenondevonte 😘😘 down bitch. That’s what women do. Provide for her man and put his head towards God when he have doubts. I love you 💙	dominance
To the women who’s just sold the house she’d agreed to sell to me, you’re a cunt. You can go to hell.	discredit
Fake rape bitch is still crying. LOL so upset he didn’t get the attention he wanted. Got your address btw little ra… https://t.co/Ukz71A9kWx	dominance
I never understood why anybody waits to say they got raped smh rape me bitch I’m snitching soon as you leave fuck boy	derailing
@forniaa 3rd, you are a fuckin BIRD you dumb bitch so what anytime you got drunk and had sex it was rape?! I'm sick of you feminazis	discredit
@HugginsDanna Wanna pull up this bitch panties rape her ass while she’s shouting trying to run away and finally I d… https://t.co/YjDLUie6fe	sexual_harassment
500,000 angry Democrat women swarm Hollywood to protest rampant rape, misogyny and sexism Oh, wait............. Ne… https://t.co/8UZToh3opq	derailing
isnt it just fkn dyno when one of ur ‘best pals’ turns oot to b a wee snake like off u go slither back 2 ur hole ya sly cunt x	discredit
@nytimes last time I checked...no one had rape charges filed with the police...soooo...these whores..ie women are lying.	derailing
@JaelenBrown “I want women to have equal rights” ... unless you don’t fit my exact definition of how a woman should be then you’re a hoe	dominance
Most women that Know me just said 'now eric you Know you dont have no inner hoe' 😂 im 2 much of a gentleman but i know my hoe is deep down	stereotype
rape is bad but alota hoes be lying bout that shit women are crazy dawg & will fuck ya life up be careful..	sexual_harassment
@robbysoave @benshapiro @ENBrown Hmmm....do women like to be stuffed in every hole and paid ... ?😕	stereotype
There are good men out there women stop accepting ass holes that appear to be right.It is a excuse to turn lesbian cuz of a no good man.	stereotype
@jellsoval You’re just a dumb little cunt who had an abortion to go be a hoe, and you eat your tampons tryna be “fe… https://t.co/UtFOtQ1C19	discredit
Women are bitches. 1 time, this bitch in BAL asked me to fill in on higher bracket tennis league...I did & won, but hadn't "registered" ...	discredit
Its a bitch who better get her some business forreal! How the fuck u gone feel entitled to somebody! Bitch u got blackballed & u gone stay blackballed! I ain't saving no hoe! U is not apart of my Spurs dreams! The woman u see on my page had on the San Antonio Spurs Warm up Jacket	dominance
@snapchatmypussy If you don't like the song bitch keep it moving hoe. You can't sing you can't do shit but suck dick bitch stfu you dumb white trash ass bitch	dominance
Dis bitch had the nerve to tell me im not from a hood. Bitch stfu ill spit on u hoe u dont know me...so mind ya business and worry bout yo child instead of me...dickriding ass girl	dominance
@DonaldJTrumpJr That skank looks good on your arm. You been dating your mom long? She needs to start thinking about some Botox or maybe a full facelift. Lying does that to you!	discredit
@KatiePrice How are they trying to destroy you? You missed your 4 kids first day at school to skank about topless with yet another man. Disgraceful. The kids are better off with their dads where theyre happy, safe & have a stable, loving home...	stereotype
@laurenarankin Ben Sasse is 100% correct. Since 1973, all Ive EVER heard every two years for elections are hysterical women (all a Leftist act) about Back-Alley abortions. This shit is getting old! I didnt hear one other protest issue being yelled about i	stereotype
Hey @AnnCoulter you fucking cunt ass bitch. Do the world a favor and fucking kill yourself, at least you'll be great to something and not fuck that up.....at least we hope you won't.	sexual_harassment
Left the WH dead broke, but were able to buy 2 million dollar homes and buy their Skank daughter a $10 million dollar apartment. Boy, would I love to see those loan applications and bank statements. Can you smell bank fraud and tax shenanigans? #tcot #maga	discredit
Dont you realize youre only making my cock harder with your constant whining, you stupid little bitch? God, your pussy feels so tight when I choke you. I think I might just fill your pussy up right now so you never forget about this day.	sexual_harassment
I dont understand who work so hard at sex work. They are so nuts about having sex even in the situation at work. Huh? Youre just another bitch working at the same store. Furthermore, you cant do anything what you are needed and have to. Die bitch die.	sexual_harassment
@AnnCoulter @DonaldJTrumpJr Yes yes Ann, lets continue to perpetuate the hysterical woman stereotype. Such a shame. You dont deserve your position of power. A disgrace to fellow women.	derailing
I wouldn't have done anything if you didn't express any interest THE BITCH WAS 12 YOU MOTHER FUCKING CUNT. HE REALLY IS TRYING TO JUSTIFY HIMSELD..THIS IS EXACTLY WHY HE SHOULDN'T HAVE BEEN RELEASED	discredit
@CNNPolitics @FLOTUS , you don't have to be a skank anymore. He, the skunk, done you wrong. Someone standing up and exposing your philandering immoral husband is a hero @nytimes @NBCNews	discredit
u just like me to feel weird thanks holly so fuck u then bitch go fuck yourself childish little girl grow up I hate u I'm glad I don't c u now bitch face I'm not talk on u 2day now fucking cunt	discredit
@MissSarah_Jay This is not a concern which is based on any statistical evidence or fact. If we want to discourage men from raping women, maybe actually seriously prosecute them. Because even if you could stop men from pretending to be women to rape women 	derailing
One of the biggest reason I never wanted to come out to my friends was bc I was afraid theyll think I have crush on them when Im just being a decent human being so I call them stupid bitch and a fucking hoe everytime I see them	discredit
@MarshaBlackburn PS - take off that picture-any picture of you makes me want to puke! Any women that would side with Trump is not for any woman or their rights that they should have. You are just another lying Skank GOP white piece of trash! Your commerci	discredit
@piperalex_ Unless cow tipping is classed as physical assault you should shut your fucking whore mouth, i hope you never show your face outside of whatever hole you went to hide in because frankly i would love to drop kick you off a fucking balcony xoxoxo	sexual_harassment
@jalenramsey Lmfao shut the fuck up with your Brentwood Academy havin ass. Yall have one of the worst QBs in the league as far as TD/INT ratio go but you hate on every other quarterback.... Sit your pussy ass down and get swept by the Titans again.	dominance
@onnyssaaa well stfu then BITCH you coming to some yeen got NO BUSINESS being in. You need to mind the business that pays you hoe	dominance
@tgirlmiller @realDonaldTrump Are you just upset that nobody is grabbing your skank pussy since trumps election is over. Youre an ugly gross old hag and youre also a racist pig and I hope all your children are black	stereotype
There's a stupid woman on YouTube doing a spirit box saying the most horrendous insensitive things to the 'ghost' of Shan. The silly skank would be conversing with demons and she ain't got cross or nothing to counteract it. And I'm glad leave Shan alone.	discredit
@LindseyGrahamSC @BarackObama @realDonaldTrump Yea, I dont think so asshole . I think your a pussy who has gone corrupt if you werent before , treasonous if you werent already . You were NEVER John McCain's friend . You were never a friend to America . Yo	discredit
@ida_skibenes I dont have Ovaries or a Vagina and I refuse to put women in jeopardy because they do... Pro-choice isnt pro -abortion, its womens right to choose... if you cant get pregnant from rape,STFU.	dominance
Well then call me a sexist, which Im not. This is no doubt a hysterical woman protestor. BTW, there have been several hysterical male protesters but we havent seen news on them. Id say THAT is sexist my dear. Oh, sorry, my dear is sexist? Sorry dolly.	stereotype
@AnnCoulter Ann:Including Sen. Cory Booker as part of your "Most Hysterical Woman"?? Come on now, you cn do better than that. This is so beneath your intellectual acumen and although I disagree with most of what you say, come up with something more origin	derailing
Love seeing how girls publicly compliment each other "Oh wow. Stunnerz. Bae"And in the same breath send private texts to their friends saying the same person is an "insta-whore / attention whore / D-craving attention seeking skank with dumb shoes"Hilarious#MoreThanTwoFaces	discredit
Females-*you need to respect women more and stop calling us hoes*Lil pump-*you such a fucking hoe, I love it*Females- *that new Kanye and lil pump song is my shit*	discredit
@EmilyKnoxxxx YOU ALWAYS HAVE MY DICK. ONCE YOU START USING MINE AND YOU WILL NEVER FEEL YOU PUSSY IS EMPTY AND ONCE YOUR PUSSY STARTS TASTING MY DICK IT WILL NOT ACCEPT OTHER DICK, IT WILL DIE TO HAVE MINE ALL THE TIME. FUCK U BABY	sexual_harassment
I usually dont hate people but I actually hate that bitch. You tried to be friends with me outside of work and then when I had a crisis you decided to be professional and use that against me. Thats the worst type of person. Fucking cunt will get hers though.	discredit
mfs never listen to why you feel how you feel but quick to blame you for it bitch you dont even know wtf was wrong jus stfu dumb ass hoe	sexual_harassment
@dwmillerus @angiesd789 @SenateMajLdr Yes so obtuse every other country in the fucking world has one. Herp derp. We help fund border walls for other countries then deal with race shaming bullshit from dick lickers like you when we want to protect ourselve	discredit
first goes to bitch ass janelle. FUCK YOU MESSY MF ASS BITCH i literally was on a call with her and her dumb ass twisted my words and ran to tattle on me to ari. like it legit made her pussy wet to go and talk shit abt me so fuck u ill come beat ur ass thats why u stole a listers	sexual_harassment
bitch if you dont shut the fuck up and stop acting like the us isnt responsible for the repressive and brutal society that became afghanistan - theres pics of my gma in miniskirts in the 70s in iran, another country destabilized and vilified to drive american profit	dominance
Hilarious!! Shrieking hysterical women are annoying. Regardless of what point they are trying to get across. Just be an adult.	stereotype
@MelissaAFrancis You sound stupid. Women like you should stay in the kitchen and be quiet. This isnt about the money Obama has but about a dumb president and @GOP that wont do their job.	stereotype
Sounds like @CoryBooker & @KamalaHarris are still competing for most hysterical woman at the hearings. #Pathetic #WeThePeople dont pay you to clutch pearls, or perform one act plays. Get your sh!t together. #ConfirmJudgeKavanaugh #ConfirmKavanaughNOW#WalkAway	stereotype
Another fucking piece of a crap. You have gone too far in chasing mirages, Kashmiri women do not sleep around with RSS men, you fucking cunt, there is no sanity left in you now. You must have heard that phrase. 'Langoor Ke haath angoor' this shit is similar.	discredit
@AnguloCrystal @Zanderjmurphy @juliabusch_ i dont give a fuck if you started the tweets or if katelyn did. either way you were talking shit to katelyn so i joined this shit bc shes my friend. thats what my point was so shut the fuck up youre a nasty bitch	discredit
@DDUB789 That bitch is giving me the fuck u I just filled ur glass....Simone is getting 24% instead of 25....thats right whore Im talking to YOU. Oh no, thank you just the bill it was good. (It really fucking wasnt)	discredit
@atrupar Thanks MUCH for creating this hearing package. As you can see from my other tweets to you, I have a different take on it all (I agree with Coulter that Booker and Harris are competing for the Hysterical Woman Award) but I really appreciate the wo	stereotype
Not enough thousands and thousands@ Angria to get you elected!!!! YOU LOST!!! Youre like Hilary Clinton..spoiled petulant and entitled...stfu	dominance
@LoriCoutler @txdianemaga People in Eu & the US dont seem 2understand that the Muslim refugees coming from the Middle East r very poor, uneducated, &have no respect for women, children or animals.They do what was ok in their country ie rape women, childre	derailing
@ziadwaeladawy Now people want to attack eminem because hes older and they think hes garbage. People have the balls to talk shit now because they think revival is weak and whack but BOYY! Why didnt you pussy fucks respond back then? Scared to get bodied? 	derailing
Ladies want a task for your to do list today? quit talkin to scared lil bitch ass dudes... Some of y'all need to respect yourself enough to tell them to figure shit out & either man up or stfu. Real women ain't got time for that shit! #realtalk -Cardi B	stereotype
@winkfam @cookies1961 @FLOTUS Says the supporter of a woman..@HillaryClinton ....that literally protected & threw every woman under the bus that accused her President husband of rape, affairs, etc. Pleeeeeease, STFU, or educate yourself.	dominance
@tamairaajohnson @Laquondanesia @victooooria09 bitch if only you really wanted all the smoke like yall said yall did. stfu dumb ass hoe, you done said bye 15!times but wanna claim you not retarded, BYE BITCH	dominance
@TheOnlyBalenci Stfu nigga you a fake stealing peoples name for clout how do you feel goofy bitch... Go ahead and block me pussy you will have more comments coming	sexual_harassment
@SunnyLeone @DanielWeber99 you fucking bitch! You don't know a fuck about acting. You're just a fucking whore who's used to getting fucked by random dudes you don't even know.	dominance
fuck you hoe you ugly anyways I was just trynna see what that pum pum like Twanny said it make noises, skank ass hoe says the Nigga that had no chance	discredit
@AnnCoulter What are you worried you are about to lose the crown for Most Hysterical Woman of the decade? Good for them. They are the only ones who are trying to save America while you keep making money off of her by using her. You are the BIGGEST BITCH!!	discredit
@Fashir @jillciminillo I read fine, and likely better than you given my experience. She's an hysterical woman looking for attention and trying to make some sort of issue out of two things that have nothing to do with each other. It's a tennis match. Do yo	stereotype
@Gbaby_5 @collinscody01 @mandaxxbaby @AnoopJo64686365 @savagedewd @YoooooAdrienne Suck these big balls instead you pussy. I would fight you anywhere anyway if you have the balls to step in. Come to Singapore we can sparr there kid.	sexual_harassment
@GOPChairwoman @TWIGGY4065 I know. Booker and Kamala Harris were vying for most hysterical woman at the hearing but were drowned out by the paid harpies being arrested.	stereotype
@ajamubaraka Never mind the contempt that the DNC has for its base, giving the nomination to Hillary instead of Bernie, and the contempt Hillary has for the masses calling them "deplorable" and claiming women are stupid and voted how their husbands told t	discredit
Look, lady who needs a therapistI know you love when men choke and slap the shit out of you till you cum but not all of us like that. Go put some aloe on that banged up ass of yours and stay off my TL, darlin.	stereotype
Wow, Stupid is as Stupidity does These stupid women are stupid Yet, if they are doing this for Trump I hope he is paying them $15,000 per month to talk,rape and act a fool for him @DiamondandSilk IdIots, Yea you two	discredit
@AnnCoulter Said the flack parroting talking pointsYou wouldnt know courage of convictions or risking your career if you tripped over them and landed right on top of themBtw, hysterical woman is a wonderful, sexist insult. Couldnt resist, huh?	stereotype
Cory Booker and Kamala Harris competing for Most Hysterical Woman at the Kavanaugh hearings, Coulter hilariously tweeted.And yes, liberals immediately got triggered on Twitter, saying her joke was offensive. To them we say, suck it up, snowflakes.	stereotype
Woke up angry bc 2 years ago a groomsman &I were supposed to walk into the reception doing the Bernie but this cunt of a bridesmaid insisted that they were gonna do it so we quickly made something up while in line to go and then this fucking bitch walks in & DOESNT FUCKING DO IT	discredit
@CliffShep @MiaFarrow @realDonaldTrump Shut the fuck up cunt if you actually like Donald trump than you can suck a dick. He is terrible and you are blinded just because of his MONEY!! people dont like cunts bitch	dominance
@AnnCoulter Ann, ever think you might be a bit hysterical yourself. You lost your ability to reason long ago. Not sure when you had the heartectomy. One thing for sure. You don't belong in the human race. Damn.	stereotype
@realDonaldTrump Your followers might not know it but God knows (or whoever is in charge) what kind of lying monster you are. Don't think because you have that skank Paula White by your side that you won't go down in flames.	discredit
@BlackInkChi @VH1 Lily doesnt know the meaning of Loyal. Shes a hothead alcoholic, mad cuz Jr dismissed her, So she runnin to kiss Ryan Ass! Bye Felicia, & take that skank ass Art thief that YOU hired Out the fuck as well!	discredit
!@elenakoshkaxoxo will do anything to be a member of your guild, you can use her up, she loves to choke on cocks and her pussy stays wet all day! Your mission is to prove that you are a sword slinger !	sexual_harassment
@ChukaUmunna @UKLabour @gavinshuker @joanryanEnfield You are a pussy... stand up or shut up... put youre head above the parapet & make a stance or keep taking the MP wage & STFU x	dominance
I just wanna let you know, you're a stupid fucking cunt Go ahead & run your mouth, pussy, I don't give a fuck You're a stupid piece of shit, you're a stupid fucking bitch Get the fuck up off my dick, get the fuck up off my dick, like..- Pink Guy	discredit
@reneejess0205 @ColbyCovMMA The skank that looks like half man and half IT actually has the nerve to make fun of someone else's looks?!?! I can't make your kind of stupid or ugly up. Looks like your surgery was a success, congrats, dude. BTW, why do you f	stereotype
@KeelieSturm @CBCNews Muhhhhh privilege? Excuse me? IM OFFENDED!! HATE SPEECH!!! But of course you dont see the slippery slope.And yes, the made up arbitrary term hate speech is free speech. If you choose to get offended by shit, I suggest you get a backb	discredit
@tannerofhides @minimaslany Not to mention that book Claire didn't stay in the kitchen either so the women clearly doesn't know what she's talking about. However yes so much more to women than doing the cooking, cleaning etc.	stereotype
@TomiLahren Were out in huge numbers and I can say thank you to this skank and who she represents. I wasnt involved until I saw this illiterate hooker and her pimp try to influence others. No ones walking away republican barbie. But those anal warts wont 	discredit
@SaamaanthaaJune @__chelsearenee_ @AverisDope samantha why dont you just shut the fuck up and mind your own damn business. this whole situation HAS NOTHING to do with you, so why you out here running your fat mouth? if she wanted to sell her pussy she wou	sexual_harassment
@SunnyLeone @DanielWeber99 you bitch. You fucking whore. A fucking whore like you gets a chance to act in movies. What about the thousands of struggles we have? You motherfucking bitch! You bitch who doesn't know who her parents are, now acting clean! You	stereotype
HRC is taking long walks in the woods again. Its sinking in how incompetent and void of solutions she was. She stacked the deck and got her fat butt kicked. What a worthless, pathetic Skank this woman is. #maga #tcot	discredit
STFU SUSAN. Oh yes, PLEASE lets give Trump CREDIT. I mean how else are you able to walk out on the street. Convince yourself that that this CATASTROPHE of a President who you said was better that HRC IS NOT ripping children away from parents seeking asylum, holding children	dominance
Where the fuck is your face scary hoe? Dont be saying nothing about peoples looks when you to pussy to post yours. You bitches can not fucking compete. Sit the fuck down and shut the fuck up. All of you bitches wanna talk about looks, but wheres your pics? Stay in your lane.	dominance
@kimguilfoyle Does it bother you that Jrs kids look at you and think. So thats the skank who had daddys dick in his mouth while he was married to mommy. She is disgusting. You know they think it.	discredit
@deplorablem1ke Goddamn fucking bitch shut your fucking flap cunt! Downplaying as if you got game & political power killing all US presidents w/ my civil rights violators bribed in-part 1st family children to run w/criminals & or both monopolize conspirat	dominance
You don't like Nigerian men. We get it. Go and marry your American or British men. Any small thing, Nigerian men this, Nigerian men that.You're not being a feminist. You're being a man-hating-cretin and it all stems from blowbacks from your greed and bad taste in men. STFU.	discredit
To the guys that loved me,made a relationship with, cheated on me, made false promises. Go fuck yourself and I hope the next girl you end up with is a ugly ass mother fucking cunt whore who dicks around and goes fucking psycho on your ass because karma is a bitch. :)	discredit
@Ruby_Hs Hoe stop fucking lying cause i had her phone for months and its been dead till now bitch& u thought u was being disrespectful 2 my kid,it was meWHERE DA FUCK U AT? she like bitch u acting crazy..dis aint no act bitch.. talk that shit but im gonna	dominance
@pahubb43 Worst thing is if they are that stupid to think he, all by himself, can roll back Roe v Wade then they really need to educate themselves on how SCOTUS works. They are probably being paid like the other hysterical women.	stereotype
Happy Birthday you stupid fucking bitch. I hope you slip and break ya neck, hoe. Grown to love yo lame ass. @alvkxrd	sexual_harassment
When Im Eating Pussy For My Pleasure I dont Care if You Nut 8 Times , Smack me in the Head , Run Away, Smash my Head With yo legs , or Cry. IF IM NOT FINISH Bitch Im Not Finish Now Stfu and stop crying	dominance
Yall STAY making post about the LGBT community. You quoted my tweet and started bitching like the insecure little brat you are shut the fuck up and go cry to your mommy. I dont give a fuck about what you have to say.	dominance
People tryna use #BPD and say promiscuity is a symptom No bitch its called being a slut, youre trying to excuse why you got caught cheating and broke up you fucking hoe	discredit
Last RT is brilliant someone had replied onto a thread of Claire saying they didn't like "tv claire" an that she needs to stay in the kitchen to cook for Jamie. Stfu bitch.	stereotype
@Complex Ok people say Em aint good anymore, yet this shit gets a pass? So much content in this..youre such a fucking hoe, I love it...suck my dick bitch wow...groundbreaking material looking like Roblox characters #pass	discredit
Emily Does vagina had dirt, gravel and pine needles in it after Brock turned raped her while she laid unconscious on the ground. You dont want women to prove they were raped, you want them to accept it and shut the fuck up.	dominance
@6uried @Stylez_Mj @KaneForeign I dont give a fuck weirdo, them shit ugly. You pussy, yuh mothers dirty, and we not friends. Suck my dick you can have the last word	sexual_harassment
@_EraX_ da fuck, you said if someone calls you hot 1 more time , you are gonna suck their dick, so do it you pussy, don't back off now	sexual_harassment
@KamalaHarris You're a joke Kammy. You couldn't hold Justice Kavanaugh's briefs. Trying to fund raise from the brain dead sheep, regarding a confirmation you can't stop. Race baiting Marxist skank that you are.	discredit
@MoncaMonii I would enjoy standing back to watch you suck cocks and swallow huge loads of cum, while you're helpless. As you suck each cock I'll finger your pussy until you cum, while you choke on cocks and cum! When I do take you home, you'll be exhauste	sexual_harassment
@amaziah_filani What a fucking cunt I hate seeing kids getting neglected and used as parents experiment. So fucking sad. I tell you if I ever saw this whore Id definitely hurt her.	sexual_harassment
Yeah I can't wait till y'all all shut the fuck up about it. Trumps a moron Hillary is a cunt Berney is a fuckin douche they are politicians no matter what one sides gonna bitch and think they hold the moral high ground but guess what we are all the same and most don't give a fuck	discredit
Just because I fuck u raw while tongue kissing you drop all my hoes meet your family eat yo pussy from the backand tell you I love you don't mean u my Itch #OnGod	dominance
.@FLOTUS, I didn't hear you saying anything when you husband was talking about grabbing women by the pussy. That's ok tho? Go play in the garden in your stilettos and stfu!	dominance
@rdag51509914 @OutlawsOW @DallasFuel Who the fuck are you talking to pussy, I stated my point til your bitch ass team beats outlaws in the battle of Texas I dont give a fuck about anything else eat a dick and shut the fuck up	dominance
Brown Nose Nikki, You were silent when Donnie talked about his PUSSY GRABBING, You were silent when he call black countries SHIT HOLES, you were silent when he spewed his RACIST VITRIOL, you were silent about CHARLOTTSVILLE. I can go on and on....SO STFU!	dominance
@AngelaBelcamino This just in. Many are saying Trump now at 155% in the polls. Yuge deal, that I can tell you! Witch hunt over. Trump innocent. Crooked Hillary voted ugliest skank of the Decade! Bigly! Trump steaks melt in your mouth like I did Stormy I m	discredit
@Alyssa_Milano @SenateDems Hi @Alyssa_Milano. Is there a way to get the ladies to stop shouting out during the hearing? It's having the opposite of the desired effect. I love the silent handmaids. But screaming hysterical women is just insulting to the ca	stereotype
Can we just take a second to remember that @kanyewest rapped three months ago Cause now I see women as something to nurture, not something to conquer and now hes yelling out Your such a fucking hoe, I love it	dominance
@LRBitisnot Your words are soooooo descriptive. And now if there was any question about what happened before, now shes just being in in-your-face fucktwaddle because she thinks she got away with it the first time. Fucking bitch...and I dont say that about	discredit
Stupid dumb bitch I hate stupid dumb bitches Like stfu You dumb ass hoe Im so angry That youre dumb and stupid You make no sense Look at you talk out of your mouth Lmaoo BITCH you mad ignorant Be quiet bc you embarass yourself Sorry youre right i am less intelligent	dominance
@USATODAY Shaddup you skank ass immigrant HO, who did you steal that statement from Michelle ... AGAIN ?!? WTF would you know about OUR country, you haven't been here long enough to start that BULL SHIT !!	dominance
These hysterical women would benefit from listening to @DennisPrager. Women should learn to control their emotional, irrational female side the way men have learned to control their aggressive, sexual nature. Men are quite obviously the more evolved of the sexes in this regard.	stereotype
@Marfy_12 1.ur retarded to take yt photo of someone else2.i will when u show ur real3.ur a fuckin bitch ass nigga u fucking cunt4.boii i got ur mum twerking for 5 cents coz dats how poor u fucking really are.5.stop being a fucked up slutty rat	discredit
I was 18 when birth control became legal by the SCOTUS so I found an osteopath that prescribed it to me at 16. Sen Hatch & Sass yelling in the Senate to get those hysterical women out of the chamber was clear the GOP still wants control of women's bodies. #VoteNoOnKavanaugh	stereotype
My grandmother was a maid. Those were the only gigs avaliable to dark skinned women in the very early 1900s. Through her skil set she became a top home economics professional for Chicago wealthy whites. Sent my pops to Unv Chicago, aunt to northwestern. Stfu lil bitch.	discredit
@TheRickWilson Perhaps Ann meant to tweat that she wished she herself had been present to compete for the most hysterical woman? Regarding Kavanaugh, as Harris & Booker's questions revealed, I felt that he was less than decisive, forthright with his answe	stereotype
This is the perfect insult because women are bad, & hysterical women are the worst kind of a bad thing, & the dems are being insulted BY a woman, which is humiliating because women are very bad. Perfect insult by a perfect lady! though thats impossible because ladies are bad,	stereotype
Yes I have a job And I'm pretty damn sure u dont make remotely close to what I make a week working 25 hours than what u make working 80 hours so shut the fuck up. I clearly said on the thread I had time yesterday....whore	dominance
@OneResister @AnnCoulter Wow, I had no idea calling Booker and Harris hysterical women was racist. Amazing how things get redefined on a daily basis.	stereotype
