I can always tell a bitches age by her tattoos... Sleeve, she's younger than me, tramp stamp, she's my age... INSULT/DISCREDIT
Bitches that wear chokers that aren't complete whores is why I hate you bitches INSUTL/DISCREDIT
Of course I invited you over to 'Hang Out' ....stupid bitches #WomenSuck INSULT/DISCREDIT
When you're flexin on these bitches https://t.co/7fR6wozeU4 SEX/ INSULT
I have condoms everywhere so bitches think I'm responsible. Lol I'm not. Fuck condoms.  ?
Pro Tip- Fuck bitches in their 30's... No one wants them so they're easy and they're also experienced  DISCREDIT
Bitches love arguing with me on Instagram K Michelle is a whore so let’s stop. DISCREDIT/INSULT
What does a woman and a tampon have in common? They're both stuck up bitches.  DISCREDIT/INSULT 
Bitches be postin pics of them in the bath after droppin a bath bomb in it lookin like they shit a smurf out SLUSHAMING
Next...working from whore houses ....coding with bitches for future augmented reality sex apps https://t.co/zz0vRxvun7. ?
@sinner_b @baeoflight @Henjam48 RIDICULOUS CUNT ! WOMEN DO IT IN AND OUT OF MARRIAGES THE WEAK BITCHES. WHAT DO U C… https://t.co/dAxB0DP43g.  INSULT ?
How you bitches look with your snapchat filters https://t.co/nOkSlAMy0Y.  ?
Pro Tip- There's nothing but sad lonely bitches at the bar drinking away their 'I'm a lonely loser' feels today ?
Too bad some of you bitches can't draw on a better personality, the way you draw on your fuckin eyebrows ?
Anhyone else hate the way women smell? I think it's because they're BITCHES!!!!!! Fuck you bitch!!!?! ?
How bitches gonna act at my funeral https://t.co/gTgiKNPRED
I Want Some Cunt Ass Bitches To Be Spice Girls W Me This Year
@queensoverbitch I run from those bitches
Feminism is cancer. #TheRedPill is chemo. Burn those bitches away.!
What’s up bitch ass bitches and skank ass skanks.  
I've yet to come across a nice girl. They all end up being bitches in the end #WomenSuck
@themeredith bitches love electric toothbrushes in their twats...
WASNT IT GEORGE WASHINGTON WHO SAID 'FUCK BITCHES GET MONEY'?
Ugly bitches always got their shit on private with a profile pic that has 97462583047251538 filters on it
I gotta stop posting about not wearing condoms cause these bitches is startin to make me wear condoms
Pro Tip- Put all your bitches on a period tracker app so you know when to avoid they ass
Why did women vote for Trump? bitches will vote for a bitch
I need some new Atl hoes for the summer... Where the Atl bitches at
When you eat the wrong bitches ass https://t.co/vcyGyLuZ9i
No one gives less fucks than the guy that comments 'check your DM, ma' on bitches posts
Bitches are always sayin 'it's the little things' until you have a -a little bank account -a little drinking problem -or a little dick
All bitches do is lie, talk shit and fuck up their eyebrows
I'll have bitches on bitches and I will be a god. But damn women are hoes. https://t.co/C0SmksJVSm
I hate bitches that are always mad at the world for no reason like bitch stfu and be happy hoe
Women are bitches. 1 time, this bitch in BAL asked me to fill in on higher bracket tennis league...I did & won, but hadn't "registered" ...
@AndyBenjes6 don't waist your time. Girls are all selfish bitches #WomenSuck
I hate when bitches be actin selfish with the pussy know damn well they out here fuckin the whole city bitch probably burnin smh the nerve
I have never once met a woman whose mouth wasn't totally full of BULLSHIT. Stupid bitches!!
Snapchat finally has an accurate filter for these bitches.... The goddamn devil
Nothing irks me more than when bitches end it with a good guy then complain about getting hurt by a douche bag. #WakeUpYouWhore
Some of you bitches should be puttin coconut oil up your vag with ya stank ass twat
Correct me if I'm wrong but don't all you bitches wanna be mermaids? How come no stink on social media for the mermaid emoji then?
It’s too much loose pussy in the world to be raping bitches. Literally some of these skanks, goin on sight 💀💯
I can't imagine growing up with one of these twenty-somethin thot ass bitches as my mom. #blessed
Ahh That’s What I Get For Being A Whore 😭🙄 Now All These Bitches Wanna Talk 🤦🏽‍♀️
Bitches can't keep a man for shit but got a steady ass work husband at all times
@jhanyaaa_ @gloyaltydeee You a hoe if there's other bitches
You don't have to worry about angles anymore... These bitches out here face swapping with their friends tryna trick to ass
I love it when married bitches start posting inspirational memes about having a strong relationship... Single in 3-2-1...
Unprecedented? Right up that bitches alley. Not like the cunt hasn't gone behind her leader before. #pmlive
