Number of tweets 212 
Dominance: 39, share 0.18396226415094338 
Sexual Harassment: 39, share 0.18396226415094338 
Derailing: 6, share 0.02830188679245283 
Discredit: 117, share 0.5518867924528302 
Stereotype: 11, share 0.05188679245283019 
Please tell me why the bitch next to me in the piercing line is so judgmental about everyone she fucking sees. SHUT THE FUCK UP.	dominance
You are a fucking ugly bitch!shut the fuck up??????????????????????????????????????????????????????you just a ugly bitch!fuck you ??????????	dominance
 @bnixole: bitch shut the fuck up you're fucking your best friends dad https://t.co/1YR6ydZMgc	dominance
@ArianasBotch Ok if you fucking said leave block me. But dm me first I'm gonna kick your ass. Shut the fuck up you https://t.co/6BXkfxMEf9	sexual_harassment
Literally just saw a 10 year old girl wearing a shirt with sparkles that said 'doing my best' fucking same bitch where'd you get that😂😂😂👽⚠✖ https://t.co/24tSFVM9Ps	discredit
All you fucking faggots were laughing at her too with that other fucking dumb cunt liberal Ellen DeGeneres	discredit
@susansubfatmum you fucking slut, daddy wants you to dm him	discredit
@AngelDemond4 l don't even know 's that fucking women bitch kayleigh corbett..	discredit
This bitch is stupid af. Forcing me to wake up my residents. Like wtf not like I was sitting not doing shit I was doing shit. Stupid ass.	discredit
“Fucking slut. I knew you were cheating on me.” https://t.co/mHmhJytNd6	discredit
@CrazyKOs @CrushingClipss Girl or not if I saw that I'd knock the cunt out! How dare you hurt a child like that. Fucking sick twisted bitch	discredit
disgusting little fuck bitch the only good thing about ur boring ass moview are the women in it. you owe everything to women so shut UP!!! https://t.co/KnMnqSwM30	discredit
@daily_politics @EstherMcVey1 What a stupid bitch , talks utter shite this woman . pure fucking evil too .	discredit
Girls hear you say “fuckkk” during sex and think her pussy fire First of all hoe I’m really just feeling bad for cheating on my girl😂😂😂😂	sexual_harassment
@eileenmdm @ldontgotanyhoes I hate you you fucking cunt bitch how fucking dare you I hope you wake up with mad cott… https://t.co/XXb8oWQuv9	discredit
You mother fucking piece of trash stupid fucking idiot hoe i hope you fucking die in hell son of a father fucking fuck bitch whore you fucki	sexual_harassment
We've been fucking this whore, Mother earth for awhile, She's a filthy bitch anyway, Rotting her from the inside out, We are at our end.	discredit
I WILL NEVER UNDERSTAND WHY PEOPLE CAN’T JUST FUCKING MIND THEIR OWN GODDAMN BUSINESS WHY YOU ALL UP IN MY BARBECUE BITCH FOH YA CUNT	sexual_harassment
Why do people still like Chris Brown? He’s a fucking woman beating cunt	sexual_harassment
How can a bitch fuck with a man who has a girlfriend .. A PREGNANT GIRLFRIEND LMAO fucking hoes	stereotype
7: because every single fucking woman in Austin, is nothing but a gold-digging bitch.	stereotype
Bitch are you fucking kidding me??? So if women get hit by their husbands its cuz they're hitam?? Not bc he's an abusive asshole?? 😒😒 https://t.co/afVBebxRVo	derailing
Girls get so mad when you fuck em and never talk to them again... It's so fucking adorable	stereotype
@yassssica U FUCKING HOE WE GOT UPPER BECAUSE YOU SAID YOU WANTED UPPER	sexual_harassment
@ THE BROKE BITCHES WHO ARE PARTYING IN MY OVARIES. I HOPE YOU FUCKING DIE AND ROT IN HELL YOU STUPID UGLY ASS BITCH	sexual_harassment
oh you want a name fight ! ❛ you stupid COCK loving slut ! ,you fucking WHORE ! how do you like that huh you little shit ! ❜	sexual_harassment
@xJenniferWhitex @thecherryclub You are Beautiful charming Bitch Jennifer white Nobody's fuck like you Amazing sucking Cocks 💝💝💝👑👑👑👑👑👑	sexual_harassment
I'm so fucking horny this morning and my big fat cock is so fucking hard need a horny cock sucking slut or whore to cum and suck me off	sexual_harassment
I AM NOT GOING AFTER YOUR EX BF YOU LIEING SACK OF SHIT ! I'm done with you dude that's why I dumped your ass cause your a lieing 😂😡 bitch	sexual_harassment
Shoutout to all the ladies that fuck with their vaginas and not their emotions... You bitches are my fucking favorite	sexual_harassment
When you're fuckin a bitch doggy that has a bible verse tatted on her back and you begin thinkin about what a disgusting piece of shit you r	sexual_harassment
30 seconds after you're done fucking the attitude out of her https://t.co/EENb3gFGnR	sexual_harassment
THIS IS FUCKING CHICHARRÓN YOU BITCH https://t.co/Qbrd3NuBLQ	discredit
Would you rather the girl you’re fucking have nose as long as your dick, or her nipples? #weedthoughts #armsesh420	discredit
Get ur fucking knowledge up if u wanna sneak diss me. Lil stupid hoe	discredit
@AnngelicaaPerez Bitch come out you love to talk shit on the phone that's why I let your dad know she raised a FUCKING HOE	discredit
being nauseous is stupid and a pussy move, like @ my body just fucking vomit already you bitch. let’s GO.	discredit
This nigga is on snap fucking a bitch while she sucking somebody else's dick 😂😂😂 bruh	discredit
straight people flirting boy: *takes girls phone and fucking smashes it to pieces* you’re stupid and a bitch girl: omg Kyle...stooop 😂 😂	discredit
That bitch yarelis think im stupid im good bitch ur nasty as can stay fucking your cousin aint wasting my time on no hoe	discredit
@CatherineMendo5 hi Best l see someone fucking girl comment bad in your pic.why you not block the bitch girl name kayleigh corbett	discredit
Wanna be like u could be fucking working for him some day you fucking little slut	discredit
I found out something about this chick that was hiding something from me lmao bitch can't hide anything from me fake ass lying hoe	discredit
@marvin_emily 'Getting lit off trays of fucking Molly you mermaid loving slag' - the only true response to give her	discredit
Let me tell yall sum...yall barbz who fucking wit my sis @NICKISDAUGHTER_ Come talk to me bitch cause i will pull up on a hoe...	discredit
@curvethan fucking hoe ass fucking cunt shut ur fucking dirty ass mouth you fucking bitch im gonna fucking block you	discredit
@E_flee25 Yo this bitch is blowing my shit 😑fr talking bout I'm trying to talk to her girl shawty won't even show her face .	discredit
Fuck off you stupid fucking CUNT OH MY GODDDDDDDD	discredit
Bitch your a fucking idiot, I don't even need a counter argument. More like you can't take your head out your ass s… https://t.co/qUHivJeAo6	discredit
knuckle up cause I'll fight for mines Yo pussy petty, U wasting time .. U seasonal, part time U get fucked up fuckin w/ mine U lil bitch	discredit
God that old lady was a cunt. People are so fucking stupid when it comes to being handed money	discredit
great my lymph node is swollen again. shows how stressed i am cos of some fucking whore &; her spreadshit &; stupid frens who believe her.	discredit
@HillaryClinton shut up bitch no one fucking likes you! Suck start a shotgun worthless cunt	dominance
Can you bitches stop pulling ya pants up above your belly button, you look like my fuckin grandfather	discredit
@Aditi08 To me Any girl messaging and calling , initially i was like 'chalo koi to bhaw de rahi' then bitch was selling pyramid scheme 🙄	discredit
the ONLY good thing a woman ever did was my mom farting me out of her disgusting front butt|	discredit
seeing hoes blatantly try to take my man then watching him turn their lame thot ass down is truly fucking hysterical 😂 lol bitch u tho(ugh)t	discredit
@femfreq Fuck you and all of your videos you stupid video game criticizing bitch stop fucking talking about things you know nothing about fucker	dominance
@PennyRed @TIME This is not rape culture for fucks sake. It’s literally just a scumbag taking advantage of their position. Nothing new under the sun.	derailing
@taylornikola maybe if you women weren't so fucking indecisive you'd understand	dominance
Cheerleaders make me fucking sick! It's not a sport you dumb skanks so go back to caking on your makeup. #WomenSuck	discredit
Cook, clean, and deliver our awesome fucking offspring	dominance
Don't fucking toy with me #WomenSuck	dominance
Don't tug on my dick unless you plan on sucking it.... In other words, flirting is not acceptable!	sexual_harassment
I like boobs as much as the next guy, but usually what they are attached to are nagging menstruating fucks! #WomenSuck	stereotype
I'm a human being not a toy so stop fucking playing with me #WomenSuck	discredit
Like if you didnt want to have a party, don't fucking broadcast it #ThatsTheShitIDontLike #WomenSuck	discredit
Looks like homecoming is soon. Let the 'Girls fucking over Guys' begin! #LameExcuses #WomenSuck	discredit
 @JWMofficial: I don't see why drinking and driving is such a big deal. Letting women drive is just as hazardous!	stereotype
 @LaRoccaSpeaks: NOOOOOOO FUCCCKING WAY, WHAT A BITCH!!!!! YOU THOUGHT ABOUT HOOKIN UP WITH ANOTHER GUY WHILE YOU HAVE A BOYFRIEND. YOU CUNT!!!	discredit
When a girl just stops talking to you, don't sweat it guys you did nothing wrong. Girls are just stupid and don't ever know what they want.	discredit
Women ruin everything. Look at the movie Ted. Everything was fine till That bitch from That 70's Show fucked it all up #WomenSuck	discredit
You have a new guy every week.... I don't even floss that often. You have a fucking problem #WomenSuck	discredit
Your nose ring looks like a fucking booger. It's not cute, it's trashy #WomenSuck	discredit
But let's blame the women for being in the military in the first place eh you fucking cunt smear https://t.co/k7245gfjA4	discredit
@SpIashMan can u report dogshit retard link me after u beg ur fucking terrible u foreign cunt u sound like a woman fucking funder	stereotype
@LizGillies what a fucking cunt this slut is also I don’t want this to endddd pleaseeeee when is Tuesday gonnaaaaa… https://t.co/cKcDRxCPKl	discredit
@CIA To the whore who runs your shitshow. Go educate yourself as to why acting like a fucking political slut doesn'… https://t.co/e90AOWj3i5	dominance
tbh , NOT ALL men are trash/shit . Just because y’all fucking around with the wrong ones , you don’t get to call the whole race shit.	discredit
23. the reason that fucking skank ass cunt lied about me was to cover up her shaking my kid, and being in on fucking up lawsuit	discredit
'If I ain't meet her I 'ont like her' shut the fuck up bitch no one fucking like you skank ass as it is hoe	dominance
MONIKA WAS RIGHT? RIGHT ABOUT WHAT WHAT DID THAT FUCKING BITCH ASS THOT MOTHERFUCKING HO ASS SKANK SAY TO YOU?	discredit
@ekhatami Die in a fire you fucking skank.	sexual_harassment
But last nighttttttttttttttttt...that bitch was confusing the hell out of me...when I had a fucking hysterical caller.	discredit
@accioxpeter fuck you thats my fucking boy bitch ass cunt ready to fight	discredit
If only I could get out and beat the cunt that just hit my car with 5 fucking kids in it...cops are fucking looking for you bitch 507TVB	sexual_harassment
Fucking dropped my phone and cracked the screen fucking shit cunt bitch	discredit
@DavidJoBrexit Fucking cunt bitch has learned nothing from the election	dominance
Fuck you Noot Noot Harime fucking fashion cunt tailor cunt looking bug as eye looking no arm be having bitch	discredit
@burnthewitchiii come tell this bitch to get in the fucking sea. Please. Before I cunt punch her. 😂	sexual_harassment
U fucking cunt bitch https://t.co/1sIzyePn1h	discredit
FUCKING FUCK SHIT PISS MOTHERFUCKING BITCH TIT CUNT FUCKING SLUT	discredit
Bitches better stop wearing bonnets in public. Put a fucking hat on if you’re a lazy cunt like me. That’s what I do.	discredit
god fucking shit cunt dammit bitch pretentious cock sucker..... I dropped my ice cream	discredit
@Twitch_Pink you dumb cunt you trick 12 and 30 year old virgins into giving you money you fucking bitch. kys honest… https://t.co/8YN3eglZuT	discredit
@qurbanov_zaur sup bitch yo be fuxking care ful i find out ur touching my man. ima find you. be scared whore be fuxking scared.	sexual_harassment
fuckin not even a cup like fuckin negative d cup whore flat chested bitch	sexual_harassment
fucking take that stupid bitch FILTHY whore nobody will love you fuck you idgaf if ur pregnant ill kill u go ahead call the cops nobody wi	sexual_harassment
📷 shypakiwife: brutal -whore -degrader: Use that fucking cunt What she’s good for I always do…. https://t.co/3cbz6Uo0Pu	sexual_harassment
@lissettesus WELP. Bitch IM JUST NOW FUCKING SEEING DUMB WHORE	discredit
@A1_Infinite fuck you u a fucking whore Lil bitch I don't even like u tbh	discredit
@debaucherries Ugh fucking bitch ass cunt!!!!!!!!!! Cheeto ass looking bitch 😭	discredit
@AynRandPaulRyan Fucking bitch sarah fucking lying cunt	discredit
Some cunt at Walmart went full psycho on me saying how she had no fucking space to put her shit bitch ur taking up the entire conveyor belt	discredit
Bitch had the NERVE to leave the fucking box in the mail room you fucking cunt bitch fuck	discredit
@ oomf: SGUT THE FUCK UP NO ONE FUCKIN CARES ABOUT WHAT YOU HAVE TO FUCKING SAY STUPID BITCH ASS CUNT GO SUCK YOUR UGLYASS BOYF DICK	dominance
LAUREL A CUNT AS BITCH FOR ABORTING !!! IDFK IF SHE REALLY DID BUT SHE TOLD HER DAD SO IM FUCKIN LIVIDDDDD	discredit
@sophh_lucass And calling someone a stupid lying cunt or a hatful bitch isn't bullying Hun I'm real ya see that's t… https://t.co/ma5a9BQxS3	derailing
@THFCJoshh @FortniteGame Good English you dumb cunt slober on my nob u Jew if you were playing I would fucking rape you cunt	sexual_harassment
how u gonna talk about how men r trash and rape culture but u out here laughing abt a girl u hated in high school getting raped bitch fuck u	discredit
No one fucking assumes rape is gonna happen you stupid lil bitch https://t.co/a2ZhqIX9Hi	discredit
I cant fucking believe yall call this rape bitch wtf	derailing
@FoxNews @TomiLahren @nbc Her husband hardly raped a woman his affair was consensual not fucking rape you stupid stupid girl @TomiLahren	derailing
@lucymilsom2 your just a dirty fuckin whore u got all this chat about me go suck ur fuckin mum u disgusting lil hoe say suttin	discredit
Aye @lostspecimen youre a fucking whore dont fucking speak to me again u fuckin peacock fake ass hoe	dominance
@SkyNews She’s actually a clown! They should sue her for being a fucking dumb cunt and falling down the hole nearly squashing the winners 😂	discredit
Nah that bitch sucking ass hole and you vibin😷😷Fuck outta here young rainbow https://t.co/LTWAct2gXG	discredit
Riding ur shithole like a whore fucker. Conquering ur hole fucking u boipussy in all position & mak u get facial wi… https://t.co/I2hHb5sLva	sexual_harassment
Harvey: Ugh! Just disgusting. Pedro: Disgusting are the illuminati women because they were fucked up in every hole.	discredit
@svgethe3rd She is a fucking slut wtf cunt she deserves to fall in that river dumb hoe that shit is fucked cunt	discredit
I don’t want no nigga wit a bitch or fucking multiple hoes I love my health	discredit
@TomiLahren You're a fucking skank!	discredit
@JeneneHoyer U a rabid fucking cunt.. oh yea but u from Indiana tho.. common for u women folk.. ask mother pence	stereotype
@WynslowIsTyping Shut the fuck up you fucking monkey jew bitch cunt nigger dick licking	dominance
Oh good, its that time of year when women bitch about men watching football why is this a thing? Why dont you shut the fuck up and enjoy the game? k bye	dominance
@DonaldJTrumpJr That skank looks good on your arm. You been dating your mom long? She needs to start thinking about some Botox or maybe a full facelift. Lying does that to you!	discredit
@Lauren_Southern You're just a skank and everyone knows it otherwise you wouldn't be making excuses for not settling down whilst hanging out with multiple different guys.	discredit
you ready baby ? ~ Im going to fuck you and your sister like till both of you pussy is filled and leaking with my cum	sexual_harassment
Hey @AnnCoulter you fucking cunt ass bitch. Do the world a favor and fucking kill yourself, at least you'll be great to something and not fuck that up.....at least we hope you won't.	sexual_harassment
Dont you realize youre only making my cock harder with your constant whining, you stupid little bitch? God, your pussy feels so tight when I choke you. I think I might just fill your pussy up right now so you never forget about this day.	sexual_harassment
Every fine fucking bitch i see is my ex hoe	discredit
I fucking know who he cheated with even if he didn't say it. This fucking bitch, I've always fucking hated her two faced whore ass	discredit
I dont understand who work so hard at sex work. They are so nuts about having sex even in the situation at work. Huh? Youre just another bitch working at the same store. Furthermore, you cant do anything what you are needed and have to. Die bitch die.	sexual_harassment
I wouldn't have done anything if you didn't express any interest THE BITCH WAS 12 YOU MOTHER FUCKING CUNT. HE REALLY IS TRYING TO JUSTIFY HIMSELD..THIS IS EXACTLY WHY HE SHOULDN'T HAVE BEEN RELEASED	discredit
@CNNPolitics @FLOTUS , you don't have to be a skank anymore. He, the skunk, done you wrong. Someone standing up and exposing your philandering immoral husband is a hero @nytimes @NBCNews	discredit
u just like me to feel weird thanks holly so fuck u then bitch go fuck yourself childish little girl grow up I hate u I'm glad I don't c u now bitch face I'm not talk on u 2day now fucking cunt	discredit
One of the biggest reason I never wanted to come out to my friends was bc I was afraid theyll think I have crush on them when Im just being a decent human being so I call them stupid bitch and a fucking hoe everytime I see them	discredit
@piperalex_ Unless cow tipping is classed as physical assault you should shut your fucking whore mouth, i hope you never show your face outside of whatever hole you went to hide in because frankly i would love to drop kick you off a fucking balcony xoxoxo	sexual_harassment
There's a stupid woman on YouTube doing a spirit box saying the most horrendous insensitive things to the 'ghost' of Shan. The silly skank would be conversing with demons and she ain't got cross or nothing to counteract it. And I'm glad leave Shan alone.	discredit
THEN STOP SAYING IT CHRISTINA , fucking pussy stfu stop jocking her she dont be worried bout you you acting like flight	dominance
@sana_____0 Fuck this fat pig bastard woman you fucking cunt. Wish I could cut your tits so that you could feel the pain cunt!!	sexual_harassment
Females-*you need to respect women more and stop calling us hoes*Lil pump-*you such a fucking hoe, I love it*Females- *that new Kanye and lil pump song is my shit*	discredit
Why would u play with my pure heart u fucking hoe bitch?	discredit
Why Would You Do This To My Young Fairly Innocent Heart You Fucking Hoe Bitch.	discredit
Hating men is an important part of feminism why cant these men serving brats just shut the fuck up	dominance
I usually dont hate people but I actually hate that bitch. You tried to be friends with me outside of work and then when I had a crisis you decided to be professional and use that against me. Thats the worst type of person. Fucking cunt will get hers though.	discredit
@dumblefttweets @bryyelyy @tariqnasheed Stfu you pussy. Clearly the white guy was the fucking aggressor and laid hands on him first. Typical response from your kind	dominance
fucking cunt whore slut pussy bitch fuck you	discredit
@dwmillerus @angiesd789 @SenateMajLdr Yes so obtuse every other country in the fucking world has one. Herp derp. We help fund border walls for other countries then deal with race shaming bullshit from dick lickers like you when we want to protect ourselve	discredit
Another fucking piece of a crap. You have gone too far in chasing mirages, Kashmiri women do not sleep around with RSS men, you fucking cunt, there is no sanity left in you now. You must have heard that phrase. 'Langoor Ke haath angoor' this shit is similar.	discredit
@FeministVoter She fucking called me a "cracker bitch", and you're going to attack me? Nice. Fucking cunt.	discredit
@DDUB789 That bitch is giving me the fuck u I just filled ur glass....Simone is getting 24% instead of 25....thats right whore Im talking to YOU. Oh no, thank you just the bill it was good. (It really fucking wasnt)	discredit
@SocialPowerOne1 You know whats insane Dana!! Is how the NRA continues to get away with fucking murdering children in country! Why dont you shut the fuck up greedy skank !!	dominance
@SunnyLeone @DanielWeber99 you fucking bitch! You don't know a fuck about acting. You're just a fucking whore who's used to getting fucked by random dudes you don't even know.	dominance
@DanReynolds STFU BITCH! AND YOU GO MAKE SOME SATANIC MUSIC U ILLUMINATI WHORE!! Fuck you FUCK IMAGINE DRAGONS You cock sucking maggots	dominance
Bitch stole my tips so I stole hers right back. Fucking cunt.I hate serving.	discredit
@KendallJenner "whatever makes them happy" really bitch? you are not good friend, you are mother fucking cunt @haileybaldwin @justinbieber	discredit
@ajamubaraka Never mind the contempt that the DNC has for its base, giving the nomination to Hillary instead of Bernie, and the contempt Hillary has for the masses calling them "deplorable" and claiming women are stupid and voted how their husbands told t	discredit
You fucking bitch hoe	discredit
Youre such an ugly fucking bitch and I take back no words I said to you and I wish I slapped you when you were stood infront of me blahing your eyes out you pussy bitch	sexual_harassment
Woke up angry bc 2 years ago a groomsman &I were supposed to walk into the reception doing the Bernie but this cunt of a bridesmaid insisted that they were gonna do it so we quickly made something up while in line to go and then this fucking bitch walks in & DOESNT FUCKING DO IT	discredit
i just had the rudest fucking bitch cunt on the phone to me at work and i want to push her off a cliff n jump on her ribs . Ent phased	sexual_harassment
@MichelleRempel did you fight for women? Ever???? Did you fight against the AESO in our recession? Did you acknowledge sustainability in the context of our energy industry? Ever??? Shut your stupid fucking cunt mouth.	dominance
@DatGaBoii Yea that fucking ass hole mother fucking bitch! GRRRRR	discredit
BITCH STFU IAN CONNOR AINT A FUCKING ARTIST. The life of one, but he aint a artist. Know shit before you speak	dominance
I just wanna let you know, you're a stupid fucking cunt Go ahead & run your mouth, pussy, I don't give a fuck You're a stupid piece of shit, you're a stupid fucking bitch Get the fuck up off my dick, get the fuck up off my dick, like..- Pink Guy	discredit
If I ever hit you w dumb fucking cunt ass fucking stupid ass fucking bitch just know Im extremely mad at you.	discredit
im sitting in the library in a free period and this fucking bitch ass hoe put her backpack down before i could sit down wth	discredit
@HEHe06033701 @Mikey_boludo Shut the fuck up dumb bitch. If you dont like it dont fucking reply You childish slut	discredit
Stupid fucking cunt, what you dont like me so youre gonna speed through a stopped bus to what? Try & run me & my 4 year old down? Wanna act like a tough ass, come do it to my face. Dont put my kids safety at risk cause youre a stupid bitch.	sexual_harassment
@tannerofhides @minimaslany Not to mention that book Claire didn't stay in the kitchen either so the women clearly doesn't know what she's talking about. However yes so much more to women than doing the cooking, cleaning etc.	stereotype
@SunnyLeone @DanielWeber99 you bitch. You fucking whore. A fucking whore like you gets a chance to act in movies. What about the thousands of struggles we have? You motherfucking bitch! You bitch who doesn't know who her parents are, now acting clean! You	stereotype
HRC is taking long walks in the woods again. Its sinking in how incompetent and void of solutions she was. She stacked the deck and got her fat butt kicked. What a worthless, pathetic Skank this woman is. #maga #tcot	discredit
Bitch be starting lmao sis "do what you preach"??? Speak for your fucking self you fucking cunt	discredit
STFU SUSAN. Oh yes, PLEASE lets give Trump CREDIT. I mean how else are you able to walk out on the street. Convince yourself that that this CATASTROPHE of a President who you said was better that HRC IS NOT ripping children away from parents seeking asylum, holding children	dominance
Where the fuck is your face scary hoe? Dont be saying nothing about peoples looks when you to pussy to post yours. You bitches can not fucking compete. Sit the fuck down and shut the fuck up. All of you bitches wanna talk about looks, but wheres your pics? Stay in your lane.	dominance
STUPID FUCKING CUNT ASS CUNT BITCH DIDNT STOP AT HER STOP SIGN AND TOTALED MY FUCKING CAR THAT I USE TO MAKE FUCKING MONEY OH MY FUCKING GOD YOU STUPID FUCKING BITCH	discredit
@deplorablem1ke Goddamn fucking bitch shut your fucking flap cunt! Downplaying as if you got game & political power killing all US presidents w/ my civil rights violators bribed in-part 1st family children to run w/criminals & or both monopolize conspirat	dominance
FUCKING SHUT ME UP BITCH FUCK U U AINT SHIT CUNT FAGGIT BITCH	dominance
@gergeyx @revoirandrew Got a job you fat daddy fucking cunt . Thats how Im paying rent dumb ass hoe	discredit
To the guys that loved me,made a relationship with, cheated on me, made false promises. Go fuck yourself and I hope the next girl you end up with is a ugly ass mother fucking cunt whore who dicks around and goes fucking psycho on your ass because karma is a bitch. :)	discredit
@Ruby_Hs Hoe stop fucking lying cause i had her phone for months and its been dead till now bitch& u thought u was being disrespectful 2 my kid,it was meWHERE DA FUCK U AT? she like bitch u acting crazy..dis aint no act bitch.. talk that shit but im gonna	dominance
I just dont get why she has to dress like a fucking hoe to impress a guy or mostly all guys like tf bitch	stereotype
Happy Birthday you stupid fucking bitch. I hope you slip and break ya neck, hoe. Grown to love yo lame ass. @alvkxrd	sexual_harassment
Yall STAY making post about the LGBT community. You quoted my tweet and started bitching like the insecure little brat you are shut the fuck up and go cry to your mommy. I dont give a fuck about what you have to say.	dominance
People tryna use #BPD and say promiscuity is a symptom No bitch its called being a slut, youre trying to excuse why you got caught cheating and broke up you fucking hoe	discredit
shut the fuck up you stupud fucking edater , go get some fucking pussy irl you dumb muslim	dominance
@CalioWilliamson @CNN Fucking bitch ! Shes doing that since 2 years when she give money to STUDENTS, STUPID HOE ! Now laugh in silence and poverty ! U want attention and like bcse its trendy ton talk shit about her ??	discredit
shut the fuck up you fucking pussy you wouldnt know survival if it hit you in the face you draft dodger	sexual_harassment
shes a fucking bitch and has a drinking problem but that pussy good	discredit
@Complex Ok people say Em aint good anymore, yet this shit gets a pass? So much content in this..youre such a fucking hoe, I love it...suck my dick bitch wow...groundbreaking material looking like Roblox characters #pass	discredit
@niallsfanlove @NiallOfficial @HaileeSteinfeld Bitch stfu stop acting like a fucking cunt	sexual_harassment
@KamalaHarris You're a joke Kammy. You couldn't hold Justice Kavanaugh's briefs. Trying to fund raise from the brain dead sheep, regarding a confirmation you can't stop. Race baiting Marxist skank that you are.	discredit
@amaziah_filani What a fucking cunt I hate seeing kids getting neglected and used as parents experiment. So fucking sad. I tell you if I ever saw this whore Id definitely hurt her.	sexual_harassment
.@FLOTUS, I didn't hear you saying anything when you husband was talking about grabbing women by the pussy. That's ok tho? Go play in the garden in your stilettos and stfu!	dominance
seeing ur close girlfriends in public: HEY U STUPID FUCKING SLUT BITCH I HATE U seeing girls u dont really like: hey girl omgggg how u beeeennn its been foreverrrrrr	discredit
U MOTHERFUCKING BITCH DIDNT TELL ME I COULD MOVE MY KING CHIPS WHEN I HAD F O UR AND YOU HAD NONE. CHEATING ASS HOE.	dominance
HOW FUCKING DARE YOU LOOK AT HER WHILE CALLING HIM HIS SPIRITUAL SON YOU CUNT FUCKING BITCH	sexual_harassment
@rdag51509914 @OutlawsOW @DallasFuel Who the fuck are you talking to pussy, I stated my point til your bitch ass team beats outlaws in the battle of Texas I dont give a fuck about anything else eat a dick and shut the fuck up	dominance
Fucking clueless woman should stay in the kitchen and not ruin a good man's name. - A United fan after reading this, probably	stereotype
@RefuSimbi So fucking sexy my QUEEN i can I be that SPECIAL king to spoil you for a WEEKEND are life time suck that pretty pussy and fuck u good plus suck on THEM sexy feet fuck with me BEAUTIFUL	sexual_harassment
@KTHopkins You fucking cunt! You dont take reporting seriously! You fucking and disgusting bitch! You are a disgrace for women. Youre a monster!	discredit
Can we just take a second to remember that @kanyewest rapped three months ago Cause now I see women as something to nurture, not something to conquer and now hes yelling out Your such a fucking hoe, I love it	dominance
@LRBitisnot Your words are soooooo descriptive. And now if there was any question about what happened before, now shes just being in in-your-face fucktwaddle because she thinks she got away with it the first time. Fucking bitch...and I dont say that about	discredit
Package Thief Slips And Breaks Her Leg - Instant justice via @YouTube Stupid fucking bitch. Deserved every bit of that. Cunt. LOLOL	derailing
remember women are inferior to men even though they generally test well at everything men doit's their own faults they suck there's nothing pushing them away from things!!!!!!	dominance
@Marfy_12 1.ur retarded to take yt photo of someone else2.i will when u show ur real3.ur a fuckin bitch ass nigga u fucking cunt4.boii i got ur mum twerking for 5 cents coz dats how poor u fucking really are.5.stop being a fucked up slutty rat	discredit
Youre a whole entire bitch and some. Your mother and father probably brother and sister. Stupid fucking cunt	discredit
honestly a bitch didnt deserve shit this whole year or whole fuckin life so why q bitch always complaining ugh fucking hoe	dominance
For crying out loud, Ivanka! STFU you ignorant, grifting, kunt! You pretend to care about women? What about the mothers of the children your father's administration are imprisoning! What about Kavanaugh?	dominance
I fucking hate this bitch Naga on #bbcbreakfast Stop interrupting people you ignorant cunt.You're not the expert. STFU	dominance
Yes I have a job And I'm pretty damn sure u dont make remotely close to what I make a week working 25 hours than what u make working 80 hours so shut the fuck up. I clearly said on the thread I had time yesterday....whore	dominance
