Number of tweets 398 
Dominance: 69, share 0.17336683417085427 
Sexual Harassment: 69, share 0.17336683417085427 
Derailing: 20, share 0.05025125628140704 
Discredit: 203, share 0.5100502512562815 
Stereotype: 37, share 0.09296482412060302 
Please tell me why the bitch next to me in the piercing line is so judgmental about everyone she fucking sees. SHUT THE FUCK UP.	dominance
 @bnixole: bitch shut the fuck up you're fucking your best friends dad https://t.co/1YR6ydZMgc	dominance
@ArianasBotch Ok if you fucking said leave block me. But dm me first I'm gonna kick your ass. Shut the fuck up you https://t.co/6BXkfxMEf9	sexual_harassment
Selena has BEEN acting like she'ss the victim all these years, shut the fuck up https://t.co/tawvofiPgJ	derailing
like damn bitch if youre hungry shut the fuck up and eat im trying to sleep!!!	dominance
Literally just saw a 10 year old girl wearing a shirt with sparkles that said 'doing my best' fucking same bitch where'd you get that😂😂😂👽⚠✖ https://t.co/24tSFVM9Ps	discredit
So i had a dream that baekyeol kissed right in front of my face that was very charming thing until some psycho women start to scream.bitch	discredit
my girl left early in the morning holler bout she going to get her hair done bitch i ain’t dumb	discredit
@sza got these hoes thinking sharing a nigga or being a side bitch is cool 🤦🏽‍♀️	discredit
@susansubfatmum you fucking slut, daddy wants you to dm him	discredit
ALSO... still laughing at this bitch that my friend Chef brought to DirtyBird... LIKE NO ONE WANTED YOU THERE HOE JUST SO YOU KNOW 😹🤷‍♀️	discredit
wow that bitch is tweeting hard like her 'good heart' makes it look like she wasn't involved in the coverup- everybody knows she's a ho!	discredit
Never let a girl with unblended shadow, unlined lips, and a non-setting foundation w powder ass bitch tell u shit..have a good day y'all	discredit
@cher Backstabbing cher hypocritical, NASTY WOMAN and a bitch, bashing my President, who screwed her way to the top.. . . . . https://t.co/HUxpwifoNd	discredit
This bitch is stupid af. Forcing me to wake up my residents. Like wtf not like I was sitting not doing shit I was doing shit. Stupid ass.	discredit
“Fucking slut. I knew you were cheating on me.” https://t.co/mHmhJytNd6	discredit
@KirkoBrooklyn @asialbx Really? Some cunt that has Oasis lyrics in her bio is gonna tell me something? Stfu bitch, this cunt is crazy.	discredit
@CrazyKOs @CrushingClipss Girl or not if I saw that I'd knock the cunt out! How dare you hurt a child like that. Fucking sick twisted bitch	discredit
@DaftLimmy @itsDanBull Omg he gave her his number and she didn't say no what a cunt The girl is the cunt for giving it to some random fucktard	discredit
I hate coming to the city people real life know my car like pussy study yo bitch car 😩😂	discredit
disgusting little fuck bitch the only good thing about ur boring ass moview are the women in it. you owe everything to women so shut UP!!! https://t.co/KnMnqSwM30	discredit
@daily_politics @EstherMcVey1 What a stupid bitch , talks utter shite this woman . pure fucking evil too .	discredit
Girls hear you say “fuckkk” during sex and think her pussy fire First of all hoe I’m really just feeling bad for cheating on my girl😂😂😂😂	sexual_harassment
Why did God invent the yeast infection? So women know what it's like living with an irritating cunt	discredit
Strippers tryin to get me to the champagne rm is my favorite thing.. ✋🏼 bitch please, you'll be paying for this dick by the end of the night	sexual_harassment
If I put my fingers inside of you and you won't taste yourself, you can bet your ass I'm not tasting you either	sexual_harassment
Bitches are always sayin 'it's the little things' until you have a -a little bank account -a little drinking problem -or a little dick	discredit
Donald- you stupid bitch Hillary- you fuckin buffoon Donald- think they believe we hate each other? Ah fuck it lets go get a drink https://t.co/bbx98NCySX	discredit
WOW can't believe all these women riding the subway today? Shouldn't these bitches be making sandwiches LOL #ihatefemales..	stereotype
@MSaveryWhiteway @MoiraSSnews @HPEschools Fucking cunt where's my belt bitch suck my dick and make me cum on your mouth	sexual_harassment
What a suprise my Ex Wife is being a Whore for haloween wait until the kids turn 18 karen FUCK YO.u Whore Bitch You Lying Steali	discredit
We've been fucking this whore, Mother earth for awhile, She's a filthy bitch anyway, Rotting her from the inside out, We are at our end.	discredit
I WILL NEVER UNDERSTAND WHY PEOPLE CAN’T JUST FUCKING MIND THEIR OWN GODDAMN BUSINESS WHY YOU ALL UP IN MY BARBECUE BITCH FOH YA CUNT	sexual_harassment
This bitch Cunt Whore Slut every type of name deserves to fucking die u Wildin for this https://t.co/x6W2qumuQq	discredit
I saw a women driving whilst speaking on the phone I cursed that cunt :)	discredit
@sagarikaghose This woman is a cunt , when we cut trees that’s ignorant and selfish too, every family buying 2 -3 c… https://t.co/ROtI7AnTPe	discredit
Why do people still like Chris Brown? He’s a fucking woman beating cunt	sexual_harassment
Terrible cunt sticking up for tory sex pests she has no shame lower than a snakes belly vermin woman #marr	discredit
@Millie__Weaver Fuck you slut bitch hoe! He aint giving a shit what you think	discredit
@sterlingtoth @JayceeJuice3 jayceejuice is a whore does she have sex talk with you too? Does she send you picks also she's a fucking slut	discredit
I'm actually really happy your ass got pregnant and that you're having a shotgun wedding. Karma is a bitch you cheating skank	discredit
I'm just over here laughing at how this little ol' white girl came at Sam and thought she was gonna win... LIKE BITCH DO YOU KNOW WHO WE ARE	dominance
@swansonian Apparently, once removed from packaging, you can see the strategically placed bloodied hole in the middle of that one.	stereotype
' A HOE does ANYthing for ANY man, A FREAK does ANYthing for HER man, and A WOMAN does ANYthing for ONE man!'	stereotype
@lmchristi1 It's a nice butt. But I didn't think you were a slut. I thought you might be a 300 lb man tweeting in your stained wife beater. 👊🏻	stereotype
It's like it's always the ones YOU CARE FOR THE LEAST that be talking so much shit like bitch I'm not even paying attention to you lil whore	dominance
My grandma called her hoe she said bitch you a hoe yourself going with a married man and go to church every week LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO	stereotype
I just wanna know why the girl dont like me 😭😂 What I ever do to you hoe? Other than give you rides and be nice to you 😂🤦🏻‍♀️ Hating ass hoe	dominance
How can a bitch fuck with a man who has a girlfriend .. A PREGNANT GIRLFRIEND LMAO fucking hoes	stereotype
No girl is even capable of developing morals until they get the slut fucked out of them. Welcome to my generation	stereotype
@imogenhowson LOL, you do dress like a slut :-) you look excellent.It entertains me that you have the slutty dressing covered while I do the slutty acting	derailing
7: because every single fucking woman in Austin, is nothing but a gold-digging bitch.	stereotype
Bitch are you fucking kidding me??? So if women get hit by their husbands its cuz they're hitam?? Not bc he's an abusive asshole?? 😒😒 https://t.co/afVBebxRVo	derailing
This account was temporarily inactive due to an irrational woman reporting us to Twitter. What a lack of judgement, shocking. #YesAllMen	stereotype
What's the difference between a blonde and a washing machine? A washing machine won't follow you around all day after you drop a load in it	stereotype
What's the difference between a pencil arguing and a woman arguing? A pencil has a point	stereotype
@EvrydayFeminism Sexism goes both ways. some advice: stop whining and use your man's money for things other than mini skirts #YesAllMen	derailing
#WomenAgainstFeminism #SomebodyToTris #MensHealth The #feminists are running scared. Men are fighting #feminism. http://t.co/DapbomSQnA	dominance
When she's telling you about her day and she didn't catch your side bitch running out the back door https://t.co/u0BYfJCXOZ	stereotype
Shoutout to all the single moms that got pregnant thinking they'd keep a man &; celebrate days like today... lol how'd that work out for you	stereotype
Girls get so mad when you fuck em and never talk to them again... It's so fucking adorable	stereotype
@BasicMormon So do we! Check out our account for upcoming events and meetings #MaleDominance	dominance
Females are always crying out 'sexism.' Don't they know it goes both ways? Men are suffering every day!	derailing
@yassssica U FUCKING HOE WE GOT UPPER BECAUSE YOU SAID YOU WANTED UPPER	sexual_harassment
@ THE BROKE BITCHES WHO ARE PARTYING IN MY OVARIES. I HOPE YOU FUCKING DIE AND ROT IN HELL YOU STUPID UGLY ASS BITCH	sexual_harassment
STOP SMELLING THOSE SANDWINCHES YOU HIDEOUS COCK, SHE'S ESCAPING TO THE SIDE	sexual_harassment
@MidlothianPD To the girl cop who I caught looking through my window, While my car was parked. Suck my whole dick and die hoe.	sexual_harassment
@Soaked4thatDick Mhmmm pinning you down by your throat and taking hard strikes in and out....your pussy stretched round my cock...	sexual_harassment
If you ever tell me you’re curious about sucking cock you better believe that this is your future, slut 😂… https://t.co/Lk3EDrDohE	sexual_harassment
oh you want a name fight ! ❛ you stupid COCK loving slut ! ,you fucking WHORE ! how do you like that huh you little shit ! ❜	sexual_harassment
@AnElegantMinx Hips pushed forward, cock immediately entering her tight cunt and that obviously caused the Wookie to groan aloud.	sexual_harassment
A woman who you fucked multiple times saying yo dick small is a compliment you know u hit that spot 😎	sexual_harassment
@KellyannePolls @POTUS You nasty ugly whore!!! No one cares what you think and #THEBIGDUMP only sucks black dick now so stop trying to suck #donthecon dick. 🖕🖕🖕🖕💩💩	sexual_harassment
AINT LOVING THESE HOES THEY GARBAGE THATS NOT MY BABY LIKE MAURY LIL BITTY BITCH STOP CALLIN	sexual_harassment
If a girl is cuddling with me & she tells me she don't wanna fuck, that's cool. I'll pull my dick out & beat off right next to her.	sexual_harassment
Ima end up fighting this bitch fr !! You getting on my nerves lil hoe !!	sexual_harassment
A bitch with fuck with a nigga just to get back at you but that shit be making y'all look like thottiessssss loose pussy hoe!!! 🤦🏾‍♂️	sexual_harassment
'Didn't know I was dating a freaking two year old pussy bitch'	sexual_harassment
@xJenniferWhitex @thecherryclub You are Beautiful charming Bitch Jennifer white Nobody's fuck like you Amazing sucking Cocks 💝💝💝👑👑👑👑👑👑	sexual_harassment
fuck cunts tellin ppl w strtched ears that theyll 'learn from their mistakes' BITCH IT AINT A MISTAKE IF THEY FEEL BEAUTIFUL DOING IT FUCKU	sexual_harassment
And look at this shit. LOOK YOU SLUT. Stop distracting yourself with your flavored dildos and LOOK. LOOK YOU FUCKS. LOOOOOOOOOOOK!!!!	sexual_harassment
I AM NOT GOING AFTER YOUR EX BF YOU LIEING SACK OF SHIT ! I'm done with you dude that's why I dumped your ass cause your a lieing 😂😡 bitch	sexual_harassment
it's when you get called a cunt 45 times a day for simply existing as a woman who dares to have her own youtube account.	sexual_harassment
Shoutout to all the ladies that fuck with their vaginas and not their emotions... You bitches are my fucking favorite	sexual_harassment
I think percentage wise, my female followers here are better looking than IG. You always have an open seat on my face. @NorthWitch69 u first	sexual_harassment
These dudes out here sending dick pics to anyone... Y'all dumb AF... I ain't sendin shit without a pussy pic first... Insurance if you will	sexual_harassment
Pro Tip- If you're gonna fuck a bitch that just left a wedding, give her a fake name and number cause she's fallin in love regardless	sexual_harassment
Most men are too scared to choke a bitch properly... I never feel like I'm choking them hard enough	sexual_harassment
When you're fuckin a bitch doggy that has a bible verse tatted on her back and you begin thinkin about what a disgusting piece of shit you r	sexual_harassment
I like girls with gag reflexes... Cause I enjoy holding their heads down and watching them struggle through it	sexual_harassment
30 seconds after you're done fucking the attitude out of her https://t.co/EENb3gFGnR	sexual_harassment
When your girl's accusing you of cheating so you let your side bitch listen https://t.co/okWmDFnYtK	sexual_harassment
@Herbwilson1967 Fuck that money whore @HillaryClinton Too stupid to know consensual touching or grabbing is not assault. Only @ChelseaClinton is dumber	discredit
how in tf you gonna put your two cents in on something and somebody you don’t know then block and unblock me. Like bitch get off my line😂😂	discredit
@SaySplit bitch you crazy as hell if you think you not bringing MY niece to see me. The fuck. i was there when her ass was conceived gahdam!	discredit
Would you rather the girl you’re fucking have nose as long as your dick, or her nipples? #weedthoughts #armsesh420	discredit
This bitch said idk bout u but sometimes u gotta suck a lil dick , wait even that ain't helping u 🙄😩🤦🏽‍♀️😂😂😂😂	discredit
Get ur fucking knowledge up if u wanna sneak diss me. Lil stupid hoe	discredit
@AnngelicaaPerez Bitch come out you love to talk shit on the phone that's why I let your dad know she raised a FUCKING HOE	discredit
@Yrgirlnayeli bitch that hoe mad annoying like i fr logged of your twitter bc it kept going off	discredit
@lillyparadise13 you’re a fucking nobody. You just take advantage of people that care for you. Good on you whore	discredit
being nauseous is stupid and a pussy move, like @ my body just fucking vomit already you bitch. let’s GO.	discredit
This nigga is on snap fucking a bitch while she sucking somebody else's dick 😂😂😂 bruh	discredit
straight people flirting boy: *takes girls phone and fucking smashes it to pieces* you’re stupid and a bitch girl: omg Kyle...stooop 😂 😂	discredit
Females be thinking they Pussy fire cuz u say fuck under yo breath first of all I forgot I had a whole bitch😂😂	discredit
Good morning sweet peeps! Woke up to see that Gini blocked me! Her lost the stupid bitch! Have a good day all! I know I will! 🤗😘💕🌠💖	discredit
That bitch yarelis think im stupid im good bitch ur nasty as can stay fucking your cousin aint wasting my time on no hoe	discredit
@CatherineMendo5 hi Best l see someone fucking girl comment bad in your pic.why you not block the bitch girl name kayleigh corbett	discredit
you will never catch me out here sharing a nigga , bitch you can have that nigga 🤗💯 i ain’t sharing no dick if I had a nigga bob 💪🏾	discredit
i skipped english a few days ago so i didn’t know about an assignment and this stupid bitch is making fun of me subtlety	discredit
i bet everyone is like damn this bitch stupid she was proposed to and she keeps calling nicky her gf not her fiance	discredit
watching “teeth” this bitch pussc biting everybody dick off😳	discredit
Only a goofy bitch calls to tell you some violent ass shit a child wants to do with you cause of something their toxic ass said. Dumb hoe	discredit
I wish y'all hoes with no self respect would stop putting y'all sex life on twitter bitch be a lady please 🤢	discredit
I found out something about this chick that was hiding something from me lmao bitch can't hide anything from me fake ass lying hoe	discredit
@marvin_emily 'Getting lit off trays of fucking Molly you mermaid loving slag' - the only true response to give her	discredit
Let me tell yall sum...yall barbz who fucking wit my sis @NICKISDAUGHTER_ Come talk to me bitch cause i will pull up on a hoe...	discredit
@DeeSmokingGas I care , fuck that stupid bitch who quoted this saying nobody cares	discredit
@E_flee25 Yo this bitch is blowing my shit 😑fr talking bout I'm trying to talk to her girl shawty won't even show her face .	discredit
Fuck off you stupid fucking CUNT OH MY GODDDDDDDD	discredit
@Niki1352 @chelseahandler what a bitch u are. why call her a beast? I get u support trumps pussy grabbing, teen pageant ogling, serial marrying, but why r u a bitch	discredit
Bitch your a fucking idiot, I don't even need a counter argument. More like you can't take your head out your ass s… https://t.co/qUHivJeAo6	discredit
This is when a guy says something like “I don’t want to date a hoe” n a woman responds with “But you n your sister got different daddies” bitch so...still not dating a hoe lol https://t.co/sMQcWdZnRL	discredit
knuckle up cause I'll fight for mines Yo pussy petty, U wasting time .. U seasonal, part time U get fucked up fuckin w/ mine U lil bitch	discredit
Love how going to an all girls school gives you a sixth sense for life of knowing when a woman is an absolute bitch	discredit
God that old lady was a cunt. People are so fucking stupid when it comes to being handed money	discredit
great my lymph node is swollen again. shows how stressed i am cos of some fucking whore &; her spreadshit &; stupid frens who believe her.	discredit
you stupid fucking whore mom	discredit
why is this women walking outside yelling like bitch we in a white neighborhood chill out 😕	discredit
@DebbieDoes69 going to bring your Slut whore ass to the states	discredit
A big sour whore bag, should never play hard to get when all she's does is fling up da pussy in all kind of styles to all kinds of men #fact	discredit
@HillaryClinton shut up bitch no one fucking likes you! Suck start a shotgun worthless cunt	dominance
Pro Tip- There's nothing but sad lonely bitches at the bar drinking away their 'I'm a lonely loser' feels today	discredit
I'm only fuckin doctors and lawyers from now on. At least if they go nuts I know they have somethin to lose unlike these sluts workin retail	discredit
I gotta stop posting about not wearing condoms cause these bitches is startin to make me wear condoms	discredit
Can you bitches stop pulling ya pants up above your belly button, you look like my fuckin grandfather	discredit
Dear Facebook, Jus coz I have these whores numbers in my phone doesn't mean I want them seeing my personal life, please stop suggesting them	discredit
If she's over 18 and owns anything Hello Kitty.... Get that bitch in bed, she knows things that you didn't even know existed	discredit
I love it when married bitches start posting inspirational memes about having a strong relationship... Single in 3-2-1...	discredit
@Aditi08 To me Any girl messaging and calling , initially i was like 'chalo koi to bhaw de rahi' then bitch was selling pyramid scheme 🙄	discredit
the ONLY good thing a woman ever did was my mom farting me out of her disgusting front butt|	discredit
seeing hoes blatantly try to take my man then watching him turn their lame thot ass down is truly fucking hysterical 😂 lol bitch u tho(ugh)t	discredit
If feminazis put the same effort into working as they did bitching about patriarchy then maybe they would actually deserve equal pay.	dominance
Today we found out my wife was pregnant with a girl. Like a normal bitch she can't do anything right	dominance
@emcmaines things wouldn't need fixing if girls didn't fuck them up! #WomenSuck	discredit
@femfreq Anita is equating gamergate to cosby and weinstein so she can equate herself to actual rape victims so she can keep playing the card	derailing
@femfreq Y'know, you'd probably get a job at Subway because all a cunt like you is good for is making sandwiches	stereotype
@lindaws @PennyRed @headhntr The main reason that @pennyred doesn’t want to talk about her experiences with rape and sexual assault is that she is saving the stories for a more lucrative writing gig.	derailing
@PennyRed @TIME This is not rape culture for fucks sake. It’s literally just a scumbag taking advantage of their position. Nothing new under the sun.	derailing
Calling guys immature doesn't make you any more mature. Ladies you need to find some other BS excuse for ditching us! #WomenSuck	discredit
Cheerleaders make me fucking sick! It's not a sport you dumb skanks so go back to caking on your makeup. #WomenSuck	discredit
Cook, clean, and deliver our awesome fucking offspring	dominance
Don't get all excited. She may be talking to you, but she's probably talking to 4 other dudes as well #WomenSuck	discredit
Don't tug on my dick unless you plan on sucking it.... In other words, flirting is not acceptable!	sexual_harassment
Gels getting overly emotional about things that don't matter? Color me shocked! #WomenSuck	discredit
I hate girls that thing they are super hot when they're ugly as fuck! #WomenSuck	discredit
I hate When girls don't wanna start anything cuz they don't wanna ruin your friendship I DIDNT WANNA BE FRIENDS FROM THE START #WomenSuck	discredit
I like boobs as much as the next guy, but usually what they are attached to are nagging menstruating fucks! #WomenSuck	stereotype
I'm a human being not a toy so stop fucking playing with me #WomenSuck	discredit
It snowing. You ladies better start shoveling! #EqualRights #WomenSuck	dominance
I've reached a point in my life where I've realized theres no such thing as a girl that won't hurt you. Eventually they all will #WomenSuck	discredit
Jumping from guy to guy isn't funny or cute. It's mean. Men are human beings not pieces of meat and we deserve respect #WomenSuck	discredit
Just when things are going good women will fuck it up. They're not happy unless there's turmoil #WomenSuck	discredit
Ladies we dont hate you for your size or looks, we hate you becuase youre all conniving bitches with no souls! #WomenSuck	dominance
Ladies you need to realize something. You may have a boyfriend, but unless there's a ring, you're still fair game ;) #WomenSuck	discredit
Ladies you want equal rights? Well in that case my lawn needs cutting, my car needs an oil change, and my ass needs wiping. #GetToIt	sexual_harassment
Like if you didnt want to have a party, don't fucking broadcast it #ThatsTheShitIDontLike #WomenSuck	discredit
Looks like another Fallston kid couldn't handle their alcohol and fucked something up again.... I'm sure it was a girl. #WomenSuck	discredit
Looks like homecoming is soon. Let the 'Girls fucking over Guys' begin! #LameExcuses #WomenSuck	discredit
No bitch you don't look like a model, nor will you ever. So stop saying youre ugly so people will call you pretty! #AttentionWhores	stereotype
not only r u fat and disgusting, but why do you feel the need to post photos of urself in a bikini. Who do you think ur fooling seabiscuit?	stereotype
Nothing irks me more than when bitches end it with a good guy then complain about getting hurt by a douche bag. #WakeUpYouWhore	discredit
Nothing pisses me off more than when skinny girls tweet shit like 'Fat Girl Problems' #WomenSuck	stereotype
Okay ladies look, nose rings are hot. But nose studs look like boogers and make you look like a dick chugging skank #WomenSuck	discredit
Retweet if you've ever been fucked over by a woman.... Who am I kidding? Of course you have! #WomenSuck	discredit
 @JWMofficial: I don't see why drinking and driving is such a big deal. Letting women drive is just as hazardous!	stereotype
 @LaRoccaSpeaks: NOOOOOOO FUCCCKING WAY, WHAT A BITCH!!!!! YOU THOUGHT ABOUT HOOKIN UP WITH ANOTHER GUY WHILE YOU HAVE A BOYFRIEND. YOU CUNT!!!	discredit
Stop trying to prove you're a good driver ladies. Who do you think you're fooling?	stereotype
Stop tweeting about love. Youre like 16 stfu. You've probably never even seen a penis before #WomenSuck	dominance
Teaching a woman to drive is like teaching a rock to swim. #WomenSuck	stereotype
There are no good songs about positive things girls do. They're all about how they've fucked us guys over #WomenSuck	discredit
When a girl just stops talking to you, don't sweat it guys you did nothing wrong. Girls are just stupid and don't ever know what they want.	discredit
When're I go to a wedding all I can think about is how many times the bride is going to get pounded after the wedding #HoneyMoonPoon	discredit
Woman that tell guys 'I just wanna be single for the summer.' are just trying to whore around. Don't come crying to us guys come Fall!	discredit
Women ruin everything. Look at the movie Ted. Everything was fine till That bitch from That 70's Show fucked it all up #WomenSuck	discredit
You have a new guy every week.... I don't even floss that often. You have a fucking problem #WomenSuck	discredit
Your nose ring looks like a fucking booger. It's not cute, it's trashy #WomenSuck	discredit
Girls that send me dirty snaps, DMs and texts, keeping my cock hard all day, is the reason I love my life. Thanks, ya dirty lil sluts	stereotype
I Love a woman in RED HEELS Big titted mother getting a cunt full of cum	stereotype
I'll never forget the time some woman called me rude for asking if she was alright for everything just cause she was on her phone haha cunt	discredit
Was getting elbowed by a triple chinned cunt with nails like a woman ont train Let a smelly fart out before moving… https://t.co/mAo0mdzGve	stereotype
@ThcGreenBeast I hope that dumb cunt gets her face beat in by a black woman over hearing her using the word nigga.	dominance
you’re not going to tell me to say happy birthday to someone that called me a cunt and a slut within the span of 10 minutes	discredit
@LizGillies what a fucking cunt this slut is also I don’t want this to endddd pleaseeeee when is Tuesday gonnaaaaa… https://t.co/cKcDRxCPKl	discredit
Being rude to you. Call u slut or bitch or everything related. U rasa putus tunang is the best way ke?	discredit
@TheRealPerceeP post telling how you love hooking up with a filthy slut so you and that whore joke about her man(I… https://t.co/yq6CxkKH0I	discredit
@CIA To the whore who runs your shitshow. Go educate yourself as to why acting like a fucking political slut doesn'… https://t.co/e90AOWj3i5	dominance
@balleralert Cobra didn’t do anything. Insecure drunken whore ass Lily basically lied & manipulated out of anger bc Jr didn’t want a slut!	discredit
I FUCKUNG GET TWEETS FROM FANS IF THAT PIECE OF SHIT WHORE SLUT DISGUSTING HUMAN BEING ABOUT HER NEW SONG FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK	discredit
slut - derogatory term for a female who will fuck anyone for free ≠ whore - derogatory term for someone who fucks for money. just sayin.	discredit
@ky11er almost everyone i’ve met says edating at all is being a slut or whore but jumping from person to person is definitely being one mate	derailing
tbh , NOT ALL men are trash/shit . Just because y’all fucking around with the wrong ones , you don’t get to call the whole race shit.	discredit
'If I ain't meet her I 'ont like her' shut the fuck up bitch no one fucking like you skank ass as it is hoe	dominance
Yeah well I didnt suck dick for tips you dirty skank Yes you did you lonely miserable BITCH its called fucking ALIMONY✋🏾	discredit
“One minute you’re a spooky little witch bitch and then the next you’re an angelic skank singing Oh Holy Night.” HAHA!	discredit
I️ will quit a job in a heart beat that has a problem with me calling off due to an emergency . Fuck you and your bitch ass momma. Skank	discredit
@CassandraRules I get suspended at least every other day. But you still see that skank whore Chelsea Handler still tweeting away.	discredit
I FUCKING TOLD YOU SKANK WHORE SLUTS LISTEN TO MS SERIOUSLY https://t.co/HB12As7Ttr	dominance
Some absolute skank of a girl out there trying to cause trouble. Not happening love.. I show my girl every message a girl sends me	discredit
@KatrinaPierson You're a skank. You are more skilled at shoplifting than trying to be witty.	discredit
Fuck you, you fuckin skank WHAT DID YOU SAY!? I said I can’t wait to own a fishing tank!	discredit
Laying in my bed telling me not to suck your cock cause it smelled... we know why.. it was up some skanks arse before you came to mine	discredit
@DrewMikePodcast It kinda sounds like you run a house of skank over there. Mags stinks 😷 and dogs getting into the Halloween candy.	discredit
@ekhatami Die in a fire you fucking skank.	sexual_harassment
Dear Akkorou, Bitch ass nigga cunt on a stick fuck shit bitch kike small cocked cunt Love, Dj Rits	discredit
@accioxpeter fuck you thats my fucking boy bitch ass cunt ready to fight	discredit
i convince myself that im not a bad person and then call an old lady a stupid cunt bitch for biking in the road	discredit
LEMINIS STOP TRAINING IT'S TIME TO GET RIPPED hashtag THIS CUNT BITCH literally fuck that?	discredit
@DavidJoBrexit Fucking cunt bitch has learned nothing from the election	dominance
@burnthewitchiii come tell this bitch to get in the fucking sea. Please. Before I cunt punch her. 😂	sexual_harassment
Bitches better stop wearing bonnets in public. Put a fucking hat on if you’re a lazy cunt like me. That’s what I do.	discredit
god fucking shit cunt dammit bitch pretentious cock sucker..... I dropped my ice cream	discredit
This town is going to change all right those old cunt bitches are right about that but they're not going to see the benefit of it	discredit
@Twitch_Pink you dumb cunt you trick 12 and 30 year old virgins into giving you money you fucking bitch. kys honest… https://t.co/8YN3eglZuT	discredit
@TEAMNASA_KE Ur the bitch motherfucker Nasa is sick with what I call attention seeking cunt disorder	discredit
Next...working from whore houses ....coding with bitches for future augmented reality sex apps https://t.co/zz0vRxvun7	discredit
@qurbanov_zaur sup bitch yo be fuxking care ful i find out ur touching my man. ima find you. be scared whore be fuxking scared.	sexual_harassment
@MissMelyssaFord YOU WHORE ! STANKING ASS WHORE ! Dick SUCKING ASS WHORE @Drakee_YMCMB WIT @Jumpman23 BITCH !	discredit
Have fun fucking your whore you asshole in red lip stick with a smiley face lolol what a bad bitch	stereotype
dont fucking facetune me you fat bitch whore phone	discredit
fuckin not even a cup like fuckin negative d cup whore flat chested bitch	sexual_harassment
Bitches are annoying you still letting him fuck u whore and he don’t fw you quit flexin on here	discredit
fucking take that stupid bitch FILTHY whore nobody will love you fuck you idgaf if ur pregnant ill kill u go ahead call the cops nobody wi	sexual_harassment
NOTHING BUT A MONEY GRUBBING RUSSIAN CUNT WHORE!!!!!!!!!!	stereotype
📷 shypakiwife: brutal -whore -degrader: Use that fucking cunt What she’s good for I always do…. https://t.co/3cbz6Uo0Pu	sexual_harassment
@lissettesus WELP. Bitch IM JUST NOW FUCKING SEEING DUMB WHORE	discredit
@A1_Infinite fuck you u a fucking whore Lil bitch I don't even like u tbh	discredit
These whores woke me up out of my sleep 😩 Ima be mad as a bitch in the morning waking up for work	discredit
In my culture, that's a way of saying 'Suck a dick you bitch punk cunt'	sexual_harassment
@debaucherries Ugh fucking bitch ass cunt!!!!!!!!!! Cheeto ass looking bitch 😭	discredit
LAUREL A CUNT AS BITCH FOR ABORTING !!! IDFK IF SHE REALLY DID BUT SHE TOLD HER DAD SO IM FUCKIN LIVIDDDDD	discredit
@4bddnAG bonnie is a sneaky cunt bitch and she probably has something to do with whatever happened to laurels baby	discredit
@sophh_lucass And calling someone a stupid lying cunt or a hatful bitch isn't bullying Hun I'm real ya see that's t… https://t.co/ma5a9BQxS3	derailing
@Ely_1798 fucking whore bag cunt face mamona puta toda ugly, ily	discredit
@THFCJoshh @FortniteGame Good English you dumb cunt slober on my nob u Jew if you were playing I would fucking rape you cunt	sexual_harassment
Fake rape bitch is still crying. LOL so upset he didn’t get the attention he wanted. Got your address btw little ra… https://t.co/Ukz71A9kWx	dominance
@CNBC Hillary Harvey Weinstein Clinton. One was raping vulnerable woman and the old bitch was planning to rape America.	discredit
how u gonna talk about how men r trash and rape culture but u out here laughing abt a girl u hated in high school getting raped bitch fuck u	discredit
I never understood why anybody waits to say they got raped smh rape me bitch I’m snitching soon as you leave fuck boy	derailing
No one fucking assumes rape is gonna happen you stupid lil bitch https://t.co/a2ZhqIX9Hi	discredit
Double standards for females in this world is outta control....next older bitch fuck me I'm screaming out rape Idc 😂😂😭💯	derailing
@HugginsDanna Wanna pull up this bitch panties rape her ass while she’s shouting trying to run away and finally I d… https://t.co/YjDLUie6fe	sexual_harassment
I cant fucking believe yall call this rape bitch wtf	derailing
Remember, this the same bitch that was on FOX news saying rape culture was an attack on young men. Its her pussy be… https://t.co/BHvfpTMxyk	discredit
So now because of this bitch girls are going to think they can bargain their way out of a rape instead of fighting… https://t.co/tJmuuzwCph	discredit
HOW ABOUT YOUR CRIMES BILLS LOSING LICENSE OVER RAPES & SEX IN CLINTON WHORE HOUSE BRIBES MOSCOW KICKBACKS WOULDN'T MATTER WE WANTED TRUMP!!	discredit
@FoxNews @TomiLahren @nbc Her husband hardly raped a woman his affair was consensual not fucking rape you stupid stupid girl @TomiLahren	derailing
@JuliaHB1 Are you actually advocating making up claims of rape for personal gain??? That’s pretty vile (@lilyallen)	derailing
Glad to see https://t.co/SlJNbdkRXM still pushing the idea that the girl wasn't a rape victim. Always encouraging t… https://t.co/44KEi1KP64	derailing
Trump may be grabbing women by the pussy, but feminists are grabbing america by the dick	derailing
@femfreq Then don't be a whore and open your legs for everyone, and not fuck everyone you want, and magically, you'll prevent getting an STD.	derailing
I hate a bitch that take everything to serious like damn, play along sometimes you dumb hoe.	discredit
Hoe you watching I suggest you keep watching. 😉 When a bitch ain't seen none yet 😝	discredit
A nigga can be like “good morning beautiful” and y’all hoes would screenshot and say “This nigga so creepy omg” bitch fuck you &your morning	discredit
My bitch of a sister really be tripping over $12 dumb ass hoe. Got me fucked up	discredit
I tweeted one day 'I hate broke hoes w rich bitch mouths' and now all the lil Houston 16's tweeting that shit 😂😂😂	discredit
@JustJared This trashy whore gold digger at again trying be something that makes her think shes good ughhh not happening hoe bag pos	discredit
@SkyNews She’s actually a clown! They should sue her for being a fucking dumb cunt and falling down the hole nearly squashing the winners 😂	discredit
@NIVIsa4031 @FoxNews @CNN THAT BITCH MUST HAVE A STRONG BACK. SHE CANT STOP DIGGING THE HOLE SHES IN. JESUS HILLA M… https://t.co/K3b90Tqais	discredit
@EmmaSlutWatson oh you dirty bitch me and my friends are going to fuck all your holes till you can't take no more… https://t.co/zx8MJn5oJb	sexual_harassment
Nah that bitch sucking ass hole and you vibin😷😷Fuck outta here young rainbow https://t.co/LTWAct2gXG	discredit
@Cumkitten_R2 your fucken hot im hot fuck hard do anything you want to be my slut whore and open your holes you HOT SLUT. WE LOVE TO FUCK	sexual_harassment
Harvey: Ugh! Just disgusting. Pedro: Disgusting are the illuminati women because they were fucked up in every hole.	discredit
Loool I tried using my card abroad n the cunt hoe sket worker was like 'ur card declined maybe u dnt have enough' I… https://t.co/HmQoKmwtMu	discredit
@svgethe3rd She is a fucking slut wtf cunt she deserves to fall in that river dumb hoe that shit is fucked cunt	discredit
I don’t want no nigga wit a bitch or fucking multiple hoes I love my health	discredit
Its a bitch who better get her some business forreal! How the fuck u gone feel entitled to somebody! Bitch u got blackballed & u gone stay blackballed! I ain't saving no hoe! U is not apart of my Spurs dreams! The woman u see on my page had on the San Antonio Spurs Warm up Jacket	dominance
@snapchatmypussy If you don't like the song bitch keep it moving hoe. You can't sing you can't do shit but suck dick bitch stfu you dumb white trash ass bitch	dominance
@JeneneHoyer U a rabid fucking cunt.. oh yea but u from Indiana tho.. common for u women folk.. ask mother pence	stereotype
Dis bitch had the nerve to tell me im not from a hood. Bitch stfu ill spit on u hoe u dont know me...so mind ya business and worry bout yo child instead of me...dickriding ass girl	dominance
Seriously fuck you if you argue with anyone who is simply expressing how you made them feel. Just stfu and listen.	dominance
Oh good, its that time of year when women bitch about men watching football why is this a thing? Why dont you shut the fuck up and enjoy the game? k bye	dominance
@DonaldJTrumpJr That skank looks good on your arm. You been dating your mom long? She needs to start thinking about some Botox or maybe a full facelift. Lying does that to you!	discredit
@Lauren_Southern You're just a skank and everyone knows it otherwise you wouldn't be making excuses for not settling down whilst hanging out with multiple different guys.	discredit
you ready baby ? ~ Im going to fuck you and your sister like till both of you pussy is filled and leaking with my cum	sexual_harassment
@KatiePrice How are they trying to destroy you? You missed your 4 kids first day at school to skank about topless with yet another man. Disgraceful. The kids are better off with their dads where theyre happy, safe & have a stable, loving home...	stereotype
Sometimes it can feel like your old mommy is always ready to be intimate with you.Even at 68This lustful Mom's pussy doesn't stop soaking	discredit
How is it that no law enforcement entity finds it odd that you can leave the WH dead broke and then buy your Skank daughter a $10 million apartment and pay for a $3 million wedding. Have the Clintons ever gone back to Haiti??? #maga #tcot	discredit
Dont you realize youre only making my cock harder with your constant whining, you stupid little bitch? God, your pussy feels so tight when I choke you. I think I might just fill your pussy up right now so you never forget about this day.	sexual_harassment
@sierraplz @afrolivia I bet her parents dont claim her either. This skank blames her miserable existence on immigrants and POC when as an attractive white young woman, she has the privilege to do anything. More trump trash.	dominance
If youre dating a baby daddy before you call the baby mama bitter go talk to her yourself OR just the stfu and mind your business bc you know damn well that nigga gone lie just to get some pussy and play victim. Idc.	dominance
Every fine fucking bitch i see is my ex hoe	discredit
@sarataseer Fuck U SLUT. Your pork dead father is burning in hell. Fuck Face Jewellery seller bitch.	dominance
I dont understand who work so hard at sex work. They are so nuts about having sex even in the situation at work. Huh? Youre just another bitch working at the same store. Furthermore, you cant do anything what you are needed and have to. Die bitch die.	sexual_harassment
I wouldn't have done anything if you didn't express any interest THE BITCH WAS 12 YOU MOTHER FUCKING CUNT. HE REALLY IS TRYING TO JUSTIFY HIMSELD..THIS IS EXACTLY WHY HE SHOULDN'T HAVE BEEN RELEASED	discredit
@CNNPolitics @FLOTUS , you don't have to be a skank anymore. He, the skunk, done you wrong. Someone standing up and exposing your philandering immoral husband is a hero @nytimes @NBCNews	discredit
im single & its staying that way for a long time because I hate all you pussy niggas!	discredit
One of the biggest reason I never wanted to come out to my friends was bc I was afraid theyll think I have crush on them when Im just being a decent human being so I call them stupid bitch and a fucking hoe everytime I see them	discredit
Everyone calls u btch, and u don't like it? Bitch like whaaat?! Who wouldnt be called bitch u wore like a whore waiting for someone to dig their dick so stfu barbie yo' nigga disagree!	stereotype
@jalenramsey Lmfao shut the fuck up with your Brentwood Academy havin ass. Yall have one of the worst QBs in the league as far as TD/INT ratio go but you hate on every other quarterback.... Sit your pussy ass down and get swept by the Titans again.	dominance
@tgirlmiller @realDonaldTrump Are you just upset that nobody is grabbing your skank pussy since trumps election is over. Youre an ugly gross old hag and youre also a racist pig and I hope all your children are black	stereotype
There's a stupid woman on YouTube doing a spirit box saying the most horrendous insensitive things to the 'ghost' of Shan. The silly skank would be conversing with demons and she ain't got cross or nothing to counteract it. And I'm glad leave Shan alone.	discredit
@Sofiasweetiez @JAYDOUSE Bitch stfu ! Im just tired of you thinking you know me because of what that bum ass nigga tells you when he needs some pussy or a place to sleep	dominance
@sana_____0 Fuck this fat pig bastard woman you fucking cunt. Wish I could cut your tits so that you could feel the pain cunt!!	sexual_harassment
Love seeing how girls publicly compliment each other "Oh wow. Stunnerz. Bae"And in the same breath send private texts to their friends saying the same person is an "insta-whore / attention whore / D-craving attention seeking skank with dumb shoes"Hilarious#MoreThanTwoFaces	discredit
Females-*you need to respect women more and stop calling us hoes*Lil pump-*you such a fucking hoe, I love it*Females- *that new Kanye and lil pump song is my shit*	discredit
Why would u play with my pure heart u fucking hoe bitch?	discredit
Why Would You Do This To My Young Fairly Innocent Heart You Fucking Hoe Bitch.	discredit
Hating men is an important part of feminism why cant these men serving brats just shut the fuck up	dominance
I never been with a girl as big as you pussy be beating hard on this dick bet Cool hopefully you can find a girl my size that would want to go down on ya	sexual_harassment
@EmilyKnoxxxx YOU ALWAYS HAVE MY DICK. ONCE YOU START USING MINE AND YOU WILL NEVER FEEL YOU PUSSY IS EMPTY AND ONCE YOUR PUSSY STARTS TASTING MY DICK IT WILL NOT ACCEPT OTHER DICK, IT WILL DIE TO HAVE MINE ALL THE TIME. FUCK U BABY	sexual_harassment
@rdag51509914 @OutlawsOW @DallasFuel Youre**** dumbass I give no fuck about you about your trashass wanna be Texas state team like I said til the beat outlaws in the battle of Texas eat my dick and shut the fuck up, pussy	dominance
I usually dont hate people but I actually hate that bitch. You tried to be friends with me outside of work and then when I had a crisis you decided to be professional and use that against me. Thats the worst type of person. Fucking cunt will get hers though.	discredit
@dumblefttweets @bryyelyy @tariqnasheed Stfu you pussy. Clearly the white guy was the fucking aggressor and laid hands on him first. Typical response from your kind	dominance
fucking cunt whore slut pussy bitch fuck you	discredit
@dwmillerus @angiesd789 @SenateMajLdr Yes so obtuse every other country in the fucking world has one. Herp derp. We help fund border walls for other countries then deal with race shaming bullshit from dick lickers like you when we want to protect ourselve	discredit
first goes to bitch ass janelle. FUCK YOU MESSY MF ASS BITCH i literally was on a call with her and her dumb ass twisted my words and ran to tattle on me to ari. like it legit made her pussy wet to go and talk shit abt me so fuck u ill come beat ur ass thats why u stole a listers	sexual_harassment
Im sorry, but this generation of females have no self respect. The internet shouldnt know when youre horny, wet, how good you pussy is & etc. & Yall wonder why these boys treat yall like hoes ! Praying for this generation	discredit
bitch if you dont shut the fuck up and stop acting like the us isnt responsible for the repressive and brutal society that became afghanistan - theres pics of my gma in miniskirts in the 70s in iran, another country destabilized and vilified to drive american profit	dominance
@AnguloCrystal @Zanderjmurphy @juliabusch_ i dont give a fuck if you started the tweets or if katelyn did. either way you were talking shit to katelyn so i joined this shit bc shes my friend. thats what my point was so shut the fuck up youre a nasty bitch	discredit
Some little skank stamped on my ankle at 7 aside today and now Im walking funny. Got me right on the bone with his stud the little cunt	discredit
@ziadwaeladawy Now people want to attack eminem because hes older and they think hes garbage. People have the balls to talk shit now because they think revival is weak and whack but BOYY! Why didnt you pussy fucks respond back then? Scared to get bodied? 	derailing
@TheOnlyBalenci Stfu nigga you a fake stealing peoples name for clout how do you feel goofy bitch... Go ahead and block me pussy you will have more comments coming	sexual_harassment
@ccalii__ Facts! like bitch stfu & sit in the corner hoe. Catch a fit in the corner, facing the wall	dominance
@Gbaby_5 @collinscody01 @mandaxxbaby @AnoopJo64686365 @savagedewd @YoooooAdrienne Suck these big balls instead you pussy. I would fight you anywhere anyway if you have the balls to step in. Come to Singapore we can sparr there kid.	sexual_harassment
Bitch stole my tips so I stole hers right back. Fucking cunt.I hate serving.	discredit
@KendallJenner "whatever makes them happy" really bitch? you are not good friend, you are mother fucking cunt @haileybaldwin @justinbieber	discredit
@ajamubaraka Never mind the contempt that the DNC has for its base, giving the nomination to Hillary instead of Bernie, and the contempt Hillary has for the masses calling them "deplorable" and claiming women are stupid and voted how their husbands told t	discredit
@DIRTYDA11283731 dats right bitch ass fag cunt slut dumb fucken bitch, shut the fuck up next time	dominance
niggas want you to ride the dick, choke and die for 30 seconds on the dick, juggle on it, gargle their balls like mouthwash, and control you vaginal walls like youre squeezing a stress ball all for them to give you no type of orgasm. goodnight!	dominance
@lisastark351 @budyluvv Shes the kind of skank you dont want to see when the lights come on at closing time ,along with Melania and Ivanka Russian skanks	discredit
Youre such an ugly fucking bitch and I take back no words I said to you and I wish I slapped you when you were stood infront of me blahing your eyes out you pussy bitch	sexual_harassment
i just had the rudest fucking bitch cunt on the phone to me at work and i want to push her off a cliff n jump on her ribs . Ent phased	sexual_harassment
Lol you're probably tweeting, "it's so hard to move on" with a dick in your pussy so shut the fuck up fake hoe.	dominance
@CliffShep @MiaFarrow @realDonaldTrump Shut the fuck up cunt if you actually like Donald trump than you can suck a dick. He is terrible and you are blinded just because of his MONEY!! people dont like cunts bitch	dominance
@MichelleRempel did you fight for women? Ever???? Did you fight against the AESO in our recession? Did you acknowledge sustainability in the context of our energy industry? Ever??? Shut your stupid fucking cunt mouth.	dominance
@realDonaldTrump Your followers might not know it but God knows (or whoever is in charge) what kind of lying monster you are. Don't think because you have that skank Paula White by your side that you won't go down in flames.	discredit
BITCH STFU IAN CONNOR AINT A FUCKING ARTIST. The life of one, but he aint a artist. Know shit before you speak	dominance
@BlackInkChi @VH1 Lily doesnt know the meaning of Loyal. Shes a hothead alcoholic, mad cuz Jr dismissed her, So she runnin to kiss Ryan Ass! Bye Felicia, & take that skank ass Art thief that YOU hired Out the fuck as well!	discredit
!@elenakoshkaxoxo will do anything to be a member of your guild, you can use her up, she loves to choke on cocks and her pussy stays wet all day! Your mission is to prove that you are a sword slinger !	sexual_harassment
@ChukaUmunna @UKLabour @gavinshuker @joanryanEnfield You are a pussy... stand up or shut up... put youre head above the parapet & make a stance or keep taking the MP wage & STFU x	dominance
@minakimes Look at miss sandwich maker trying to talk shit. Bitch, you work for ESPN. You instantly know nothing about hockey. Shut up	stereotype
im sitting in the library in a free period and this fucking bitch ass hoe put her backpack down before i could sit down wth	discredit
@yikesangeI @betteroffapri @BloodclotBarbie @basically_kai @illegalwhore @hiatusloser You the last bitch that should be talking about looks. Anyways stick that dusty ass tongue back in ya musty STD filled mouth and shut the fuck up hoe.	dominance
@joannasbarlow Youre not going to die so shut the fuck up moaning and get in with it	dominance
@HEHe06033701 @Mikey_boludo Shut the fuck up dumb bitch. If you dont like it dont fucking reply You childish slut	discredit
Stupid fucking cunt, what you dont like me so youre gonna speed through a stopped bus to what? Try & run me & my 4 year old down? Wanna act like a tough ass, come do it to my face. Dont put my kids safety at risk cause youre a stupid bitch.	sexual_harassment
@reneejess0205 @ColbyCovMMA The skank that looks like half man and half IT actually has the nerve to make fun of someone else's looks?!?! I can't make your kind of stupid or ugly up. Looks like your surgery was a success, congrats, dude. BTW, why do you f	stereotype
Stfu you taking all this shit and I still make more money than you do you broken depression pussy ass bitch	dominance
@TomiLahren Were out in huge numbers and I can say thank you to this skank and who she represents. I wasnt involved until I saw this illiterate hooker and her pimp try to influence others. No ones walking away republican barbie. But those anal warts wont 	discredit
@SaamaanthaaJune @__chelsearenee_ @AverisDope samantha why dont you just shut the fuck up and mind your own damn business. this whole situation HAS NOTHING to do with you, so why you out here running your fat mouth? if she wanted to sell her pussy she wou	sexual_harassment
HRC is taking long walks in the woods again. Its sinking in how incompetent and void of solutions she was. She stacked the deck and got her fat butt kicked. What a worthless, pathetic Skank this woman is. #maga #tcot	discredit
Oh please stfu. No one cares Susan you told everyone Hillary was worse than trump you no longer get to tell us anything	dominance
STFU SUSAN. Oh yes, PLEASE lets give Trump CREDIT. I mean how else are you able to walk out on the street. Convince yourself that that this CATASTROPHE of a President who you said was better that HRC IS NOT ripping children away from parents seeking asylum, holding children	dominance
IDC IF YOU FAT OR SKINNY BITCH IF YOU DONT SAY EXCUSE ME, IM NOT MOVING MY CHAIR. FUCK U HOE	discredit
@kimguilfoyle Does it bother you that Jrs kids look at you and think. So thats the skank who had daddys dick in his mouth while he was married to mommy. She is disgusting. You know they think it.	discredit
FUCKING SHUT ME UP BITCH FUCK U U AINT SHIT CUNT FAGGIT BITCH	dominance
@gergeyx @revoirandrew Got a job you fat daddy fucking cunt . Thats how Im paying rent dumb ass hoe	discredit
wow can i stop writing in caps lock we get it, youre hystericalnow shut the fuck up	dominance
I just dont get why she has to dress like a fucking hoe to impress a guy or mostly all guys like tf bitch	stereotype
Listen skank. Your sugar daddy is the biggest 5x draft-dodging, punk-bitch coward in the COUNTRY. Your opinions mean nothing. You go find a stripper pole, or whatever you did before, STFU about cowardice. ENOUGH! "Melania Trump"	dominance
Happy Birthday you stupid fucking bitch. I hope you slip and break ya neck, hoe. Grown to love yo lame ass. @alvkxrd	sexual_harassment
@Sexyarse69 First ima smack that ass then eat that pussy from the back then wrap your hair around my hand while I choke you and slide in slow and long strokes tease u then start pounding that pussy	sexual_harassment
When Im Eating Pussy For My Pleasure I dont Care if You Nut 8 Times , Smack me in the Head , Run Away, Smash my Head With yo legs , or Cry. IF IM NOT FINISH Bitch Im Not Finish Now Stfu and stop crying	dominance
Yall STAY making post about the LGBT community. You quoted my tweet and started bitching like the insecure little brat you are shut the fuck up and go cry to your mommy. I dont give a fuck about what you have to say.	dominance
People tryna use #BPD and say promiscuity is a symptom No bitch its called being a slut, youre trying to excuse why you got caught cheating and broke up you fucking hoe	discredit
@CalioWilliamson @CNN Fucking bitch ! Shes doing that since 2 years when she give money to STUDENTS, STUPID HOE ! Now laugh in silence and poverty ! U want attention and like bcse its trendy ton talk shit about her ??	discredit
shut the fuck up you fucking pussy you wouldnt know survival if it hit you in the face you draft dodger	sexual_harassment
Last RT is brilliant someone had replied onto a thread of Claire saying they didn't like "tv claire" an that she needs to stay in the kitchen to cook for Jamie. Stfu bitch.	stereotype
my reaction when literally all the girls in my class telling me that im so tall. bitch u better stfu i dont need ur validation hoe	dominance
Shut the fuck up you fat ass pussy. Nobody likes your Oompa Loompa looking bitch ass self.	dominance
shes a fucking bitch and has a drinking problem but that pussy good	discredit
@6uried @Stylez_Mj @KaneForeign I dont give a fuck weirdo, them shit ugly. You pussy, yuh mothers dirty, and we not friends. Suck my dick you can have the last word	sexual_harassment
@niallsfanlove @NiallOfficial @HaileeSteinfeld Bitch stfu stop acting like a fucking cunt	sexual_harassment
Bitch stfu? I didnt asked you something, dumbass hoe? And obsessed? Shut you dirty ass, cause we all know esme was so obsessed with me that she keeped subtweeting about me LOOOOOOOOL	dominance
@KamalaHarris You're a joke Kammy. You couldn't hold Justice Kavanaugh's briefs. Trying to fund raise from the brain dead sheep, regarding a confirmation you can't stop. Race baiting Marxist skank that you are.	discredit
@MoncaMonii I would enjoy standing back to watch you suck cocks and swallow huge loads of cum, while you're helpless. As you suck each cock I'll finger your pussy until you cum, while you choke on cocks and cum! When I do take you home, you'll be exhauste	sexual_harassment
Just because I fuck u raw while tongue kissing you drop all my hoes meet your family eat yo pussy from the backand tell you I love you don't mean u my Itch #OnGod	dominance
.@FLOTUS, I didn't hear you saying anything when you husband was talking about grabbing women by the pussy. That's ok tho? Go play in the garden in your stilettos and stfu!	dominance
seeing ur close girlfriends in public: HEY U STUPID FUCKING SLUT BITCH I HATE U seeing girls u dont really like: hey girl omgggg how u beeeennn its been foreverrrrrr	discredit
U MOTHERFUCKING BITCH DIDNT TELL ME I COULD MOVE MY KING CHIPS WHEN I HAD F O UR AND YOU HAD NONE. CHEATING ASS HOE.	dominance
Fucking clueless woman should stay in the kitchen and not ruin a good man's name. - A United fan after reading this, probably	stereotype
Using my body to be a skank and insulting me? Really classy.Bitch.	discredit
@themakeda Stfu u hating ass bitch go suck her big dick pussy ass hoe u lookin like a rat	dominance
Brown Nose Nikki, You were silent when Donnie talked about his PUSSY GRABBING, You were silent when he call black countries SHIT HOLES, you were silent when he spewed his RACIST VITRIOL, you were silent about CHARLOTTSVILLE. I can go on and on....SO STFU!	dominance
@AngelaBelcamino This just in. Many are saying Trump now at 155% in the polls. Yuge deal, that I can tell you! Witch hunt over. Trump innocent. Crooked Hillary voted ugliest skank of the Decade! Bigly! Trump steaks melt in your mouth like I did Stormy I m	discredit
Can we just take a second to remember that @kanyewest rapped three months ago Cause now I see women as something to nurture, not something to conquer and now hes yelling out Your such a fucking hoe, I love it	dominance
@LRBitisnot Your words are soooooo descriptive. And now if there was any question about what happened before, now shes just being in in-your-face fucktwaddle because she thinks she got away with it the first time. Fucking bitch...and I dont say that about	discredit
Stupid dumb bitch I hate stupid dumb bitches Like stfu You dumb ass hoe Im so angry That youre dumb and stupid You make no sense Look at you talk out of your mouth Lmaoo BITCH you mad ignorant Be quiet bc you embarass yourself Sorry youre right i am less intelligent	dominance
Package Thief Slips And Breaks Her Leg - Instant justice via @YouTube Stupid fucking bitch. Deserved every bit of that. Cunt. LOLOL	derailing
@USATODAY Shaddup you skank ass immigrant HO, who did you steal that statement from Michelle ... AGAIN ?!? WTF would you know about OUR country, you haven't been here long enough to start that BULL SHIT !!	dominance
remember women are inferior to men even though they generally test well at everything men doit's their own faults they suck there's nothing pushing them away from things!!!!!!	dominance
PSAYoure a slut but you dont fuck meBecause you sound like a cry baby bitch shut the fuck up already	dominance
Youre a whole entire bitch and some. Your mother and father probably brother and sister. Stupid fucking cunt	discredit
For crying out loud, Ivanka! STFU you ignorant, grifting, kunt! You pretend to care about women? What about the mothers of the children your father's administration are imprisoning! What about Kavanaugh?	dominance
I fucking hate this bitch Naga on #bbcbreakfast Stop interrupting people you ignorant cunt.You're not the expert. STFU	dominance
Yes I have a job And I'm pretty damn sure u dont make remotely close to what I make a week working 25 hours than what u make working 80 hours so shut the fuck up. I clearly said on the thread I had time yesterday....whore	dominance
Oh dear, Melania strutting her political thang with fact Contradict her husband and that she should just stay in the kitchen, barefoot and pregnant like Trump wishes we all could return to. The wife should be seen but not heard. Just like in the 50s	stereotype
